VIDEO: JOE ROGAN VS CANDACE OWENS
RUNTIME: 16 min

[1] 00:00  Yesterday was a glorious day for the seekers of actual truth and not the people that want to destroy uh the Republican party and destroy the meaning of truth and destroy the meaning of investigations as Joe Rogan hosted Andrew Wilson. Joe must really like Andrew. He seems to be on there a lot. No, just I mean Andrew is doing great work, but the the topic of Charlie Kirk came up and the various theories around

[2] 00:31  it and I got to say I was and this sounds kind of weird to say, but I was so proud of Andrew for holding his ground. A lot of people might acquies to to Joe Rogan who even Andrew called out, might want to play nice with him, but he went on there and absolutely humiliated Candace Owens to the large to one of the few people with a larger audience than Candace Owens. And and her fans have already started to

[3] 01:02  turn on her. I've been seeing tweets like, "How long are we supposed to wait? How long are we supposed to, you know, this that and the other thing?" Well, you know, she's not giving us what she said. How long is she supposedly sitting on the proof? Well, the facts are she doesn't have any proof. You can see, dare I say it, yes, I will speak my mind. I'm starting to get irritated. I will always speak my mind. I'm starting to get irritated with Candace Owens. You can only tell your audience, you guys have no idea what I'm sitting on for so long before we start to get antsy. Yesterday's episode was

[4] 01:33  another nothing burger. At the very least, we need to see a picture at ER of Erica Candlewood Sweets. She has denied she was there already. So, the trap is set. What are we waiting for? Not trying to go full bednars here. I don't know what that means, but give a dog a bone. There is no bone, you clowns. That's the joke. There is no bone except for the one that Candace is shoving in your ear every day you listen to her her podcast.

[5] 02:04  There's a couple of clips I want to go over because I thought they're they're amazing. Let's just go right to the clip here. Again, hund, you know, millions of people will see this now and see how stupid Canones really is. Dinosaurs aren't real one. That one's great. >> But have you noticed like the flatearthers have fleets of people who will debate their stances? Like fleets of them who are like we can't wait. I held a pretty famous flat earth debate on my channel not that long ago. Was

[6] 02:35  that a couple years ago? I think that was a couple years ago. But yeah, they're talking about conspiracy theories in general and that most people who believe in them will debate their ideas and we'll we'll talk to you about why it's real. Eddie Bravo will do that. Flat-earthers will do that. But why not the, you know, Tyler Robinson, you know, uh, defense team, Candace Owens, or any of her orbiters. Stu Peters did a quote unquote debate with Andrew

[7] 03:07  Wilson and got humiliated. That's why they don't do it because they don't act, Here's the thing. Here's the bombshell. They don't actually believe what they're saying. They're only saying it for money. Candace Owens is not stupid. She does not actually believe that some foreign country took out Charlie Kirk because he was going to oppose the Iran war. Not true. She does not believe that. But

[8] 03:39  she knows it that some people do and so she's grifting on it. There has never been anything more clear to me in my life. I do this for a living. I can tell who's a true believer, who's a not, who's not. And she definitely has viewers who are true believers, but she is not. She doesn't even believe that McCron's wife has a dong. She doesn't believe that. She's not a true believer. She's a liar. To debate with you on the flat earth, it's like on the other side though in

[9] 04:10  this particular conspiracy, you can't get these people to debate their positions. >> Like who won't debate their positions? >> We offered Candace Owens. I offered her $300,000 to do a debate. I was like, "We'll give you $300,000." >> What is her position? What does she think happened? >> Joe knows what it is because he's already been talking about it. >> She thinks that Israel worked in conjunction with TPUSA and Erica Kirk to murder Charlie. >> Based on what? >> Well, >> nothing. Ba based on nothing.

[10] 04:40  There hasn't been one shred of credible evidence. Not one. Well, that's the million-dollar question. Nobody actually knows. She's never presented a single shred of evidence thus far that Israel ever worked to murder Kirk. That Erica Kirk certainly didn't. In fact, her position for the longest time was if Erica Kirk comes out and tells me to stop to stop this to stop the conspiracy on this, I will. So Erica did. She went out publicly and she was like enough. Like enough. >> You're just causing more problems than

[11] 05:11  good here as this investigation's going on. And then suddenly Erica's now part of the conspiracy >> by by you know by the next day Erica's she's trying to cover it up. She's part of the conspiracy too. >> When I I went to the TPUSA HQ and I talked to Erica briefly while I was there. The first thing I did was what I think every normal moral human being would ever do. I gave her a hug and I told her how god awful sorry I was that that

[12] 05:41  happened to her. >> Right? Like, can you even imagine how that's got to feel for her, especially now that she has >> tens of thousands of people accusing her of murdering and or and conspiring to murder and then cover up what happened to her own. I mean, that's that's like mind-boggling psychological torture on a level that I've never seen. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. And and it is all in the pursuit of money. [snorts] Candace Owens and and Stu Peters and Ian

[13] 06:14  Carroll, they are smart people. They're smart enough to realize that there's an audience for this stuff and so they adopt that position. The issue is they are not true believers. I used to think like a guy like Alex was a true believer, although these days I'm not so sure anymore. But like a guy like Alex, you could tell when he's talking about various conspiracies, at least he seemed to believe them. He seemed to believe them. Candace Owens

[14] 06:46  does not believe this. That is why and that is the only reason she won't debate it. I could put out the call and get 500 flat earthers willing to debate an expert, a globist, I think they call them, a roundar or something. I could get hundreds of people who want to come on and debate that. I could get hundreds of people who want to come on and debate that the moon landing was fake. I could get hundreds of people to come on and talk about um let's say, you know, the Twin Towers.

[15] 07:17  I would have no problem with any of that. Why won't any of these people go on and debate their ideas? Is because the difference is the people that believe in flat earth really believe it. They really believe it and thus they are not afraid to defend their positions. Stu Peters, Candace Owens, and Ian Carol and their likes, my opinion, do not believe this. It's just about monetizing a general

[16] 07:48  uh anger with a certain foreign country. That is the undercurrent of all of it. And even though some of that anger is justified and their critiques are justified, there is a large section of that group that is willing to consume any negative news about that. And so that's who's really watching this. And drunk wine moms who are dumb. Candace Owens is not dumb, but many in her audience are. >> In hindsight, it's 2020, but uh given the reaction, I think it probably would

[17] 08:19  have been better for her to like lay low for a little while. So, yes, the fireworks and this that and the other thing, the optics of that were a little odd, but to to me, I mean, I will listen to that argument. I don't think they were because that's who Charlie was. That's who TPUSA is, right? Like, that's who these people are. This is how they celebrate everything. If you've ever ever been to Amfest, it's spectacular. Everything

[18] 08:50  they do is spectacular. So why wouldn't Charlie's memorial be spectacular? [snorts] But I at least understand the other side that says who maybe isn't as familiar with how they do things to raise an eyebrow at that. I get that% >> the going out with the sparklers was not a great idea. Like all that was not a great idea because it just seemed insane. And maybe sometimes in grief or

[19] 09:21  when you know you're trying to show that they're not going to hold us back, people make choices that could be interpreted in a very bad way. >> True. >> 100%. The interesting thing is I asked her about that. >> I asked her like, "What's what's the deal there? >> What's with the sparklers?" >> Well, what's with the like the aberition in behavior? And she's like, "Look, >> I was put in like the most the worst spot I could ever think of. I was the background character. I was just there to support my husband. That's it. The

[20] 09:51  only reason I even really got involved is because Charlie was so promarriage, you know, and he wanted to demonstrate to the world, you can be married and have kids, and this is the this is the good life. So, when he dies, she she she takes over, right? This moves over to her control. She says, "Well, the first thing I want to do is honor his last book. You know, that's the very first thing I want to do. >> I want to honor his legacy." and she's like, I don't know exactly how to take this position. At the same time, there's expectations for the organization my

[21] 10:22  husband built that I want to honor, right? But, you know, I'm also in the middle of grief. And it's like I don't know how you balance that position. >> Yeah. Again, I I would say that I would hear arguments about maybe not handle maybe just keeping it low-key for a while. But you know what? I I happen to think that she handled it correctly. Why? Why can I say that so definitively? It's because she was

[22] 10:54  acting on what she believed. The woman who knew Charlie Kirk the most, she was acting on what she believed he would want. There is not a person on the planet that would know better about what Charlie would want than Erica Kirk. So if Erica Kirk believed that what Charlie would want the sparklers and the fireworks and she did that, then she is right. Now I understand how people will use that as a vector of attack or what people might think it's weird, but I

[23] 11:25  don't know about you, but I've been to celebrations of life at funerals, a lot of them that are parties. I mean, I went to a instead of a funeral, they had a party at the bar where everyone got there and and hung out. And there's nothing wrong with that. That's obviously, you know, on a much smaller scale, but it's no different. You know, I don't want a bunch of people standing over my decomposing body crying. I want them to toss, you know, burn me up, put me in an urn, and uh and then go have a party.

[24] 11:55  I don't want that to be people's last memory of me. I think it's totally normal. But I understand why people say that the fireworks are a bad look. I totally understand that. And they're not invalid in feeling that way. Who's been in that position ever? >> Right. And especially who's been in that position that's not accustomed to being scrutinized in the public eye. >> Everything. And the it's the lack of charitability that's so bad, too. Like, let me give you an example. If you say,

[25] 12:25  "Ah, Paul's so lazy. He never gets to work on time." You don't actually mean Paul has never once gotten to work on time. That's not what people mean, >> right? But the way that these people will scrutinize every detail of what a person does, they can make a liar out of anybody because that they'll they'll take statements like that which in the common terms if you say a man Paul's never here on time, you don't literally mean he's never here on time. Nobody talks that way. But if you uh push on

[26] 12:58  everything a person's ever said, tongue and cheek, not tongue and cheek, uh they misremember an event, they don't misremember an event, you can make a liar out of anybody, >> right? Yeah. Um >> and that sort of scrutiny from all that public trauma, and it was the most traumatic event Zoomer's ever gone through, >> the biggest I mean, a public assassination like this. Same thing with millennials. It also explo exposed people's character that they were celebrating it. >> Oh yeah. >> And and they

[27] 13:29  >> I believe Candace Owen celebrates it every night. I believe she lays on her bed on top of the pile of blood money that uh that she made off this and pleasures herself to the video of Charlie Kirk being assassinated. That's what I think. And if you're a visual thinker, I'm sorry for that. But that is just how evil I think this woman is. He also pointed out that a progressive group funded through ACT blueue that sought to destroy Charlie Crick's TPOS is now helping push Candace Owens theory that TPU insiders took his life. There's

[28] 14:00  a progressive progressives funded through ACT Blue pushing the same narrative as Candace Owens. When Charlie was alive, their stated mission was to take down TPUSA. The woman who runs that organization receives millions of dollars from ACT Blue and other progressive groups to pursue this mission. That same woman is now working with others to push the claim that Charlie was assassinated by TPSA insiders while the organization stated goal remains to destroy TPSA. Anyone can look that up. The organization is unfame.

[29] 14:31  It's no coincidence that Candace Owens is aligned with ACT blueue funded progressive organization that wants to take down Charlie Kirk's TPSA while he was alive. Several of the largest pe people who have pushed Candace's narrative, including Stu Peters, Ryan Mata, Ian Carol, Diligent Dennis, and Owen Benjamin, also hated and publicly attacked Charlie while he was alive. Many went from accusing Charlie of being controlled by Israel before his murder to claiming that Israel was the people behind his death. Now that an organization that Wilson says was funded to take down Charlie TPS

[30] 15:02  is pushing the same narrative. It's not It's not a coincidence. You know, the the whole thing, the whole narrative is absolutely positively ridiculous. And I'm glad that a massive audience just got exposed to the truth.