(1) [N1yZh-Jj51k#1] So, the WNBA story has now gone completely out of control. The entire internet has now turned their own woke response to simply, you know, not having biological men in the locker room turned it against them. And now people are actively demanding that they that they sign this absolute hulk of a biological male that is playing basketball over in France. I believe we also have several comments from dumb idiot uh

(2) [tBHm09OttbQ#24] You know, I I might not know you from Adam, but if you if you need if you need somebody to talk to, I mean, I will talk to you. And I I think that, you know, he's lived a hard life. if he was kind of at peak fame for a long time and you know he's kind of faded to the background. I don't know if that's had anything to do with his recent behavior. Um but it's it's here I have some scanner traffic. He's barricaded in his home

(3) [tBHm09OttbQ#3] that Pres Hilton has been dealing with mental health issues. Whether or not you like the guy, you don't like the guy, it's it's a very real thing. And in and quite frankly, uh, watching this unfold is, and I have some updates. Um, so he had said uh that he wanted to take the police exit essentially, do all this crazy stuff to get police to show up and um the whole time he was slicing away at

(4) [4gJvZoDWh7w#20] only reason I even really got involved is because Charlie was so promarriage, you know, and he wanted to demonstrate to the world, you can be married and have kids, and this is the this is the good life. So, when he dies, she she she takes over, right? This moves over to her control. She says, "Well, the first thing I want to do is honor his last book. You know, that's the very first thing I want to do. >> I want to honor his legacy." and she's like, I don't know exactly how to take this position. At the same time, there's expectations for the organization my

(5) [IExQL8ns9X0#17] out. Again, I talked about it earlier in my Fouchy video. [snorts] You're never really going to get total and complete victory on things. This is a massive W. Not only was an aggressive leftist held accountable for their actions, but they were deported and humiliated on top of it. To me, that's the trifecta. And you know what's funny? Oh, she's missing America now. America's so bad.

(6) [xBOcmq33UH8#14] is probably over now but I think ultimately it's more important that he is safe and okay. Now [snorts] a lot of people are pointing out his orientation as a reason for not caring and I understand that. But I still have hope that maybe him turning his life to Christ means he will find a path and he will change the way he lives. You know, nobody's above redemption. Uh, you know, he put this out. He put this tweet out.

(7) [xJk0pNoMwT0#7] the specter of the unknown. This was on video. The knife was on video. His criminal history is a a part of, you know, I mean, they keep rallying behind all of the worst people. I mean, these are the streets just the other night. WE ARE MORONS. NOT A BLACK PERSON IN THE WHOLE CROWD.

(8) [VYD--C8hJ4I#23] financial success, family, love, relationships. All of that. And with this the cost of things in the economy, it's real. I patched McCain said, "Just hearing about this dumb $20 burrito debate, so I thought I'd make the losers on social media angry before I go to bed. Stop whining and get a job. Eat ramen like the rest of us did in college on a budget with four roommates." Again, this is why you lose.

(9) [N1yZh-Jj51k#9] >> I mean, look at this. Euroep. I mean, it's a it's a man. It it it's a man that and that these comments going back from 2022, Trump's 2022 comments on men playing in the WNBA are exactly what I needed to get me through this league's current controversy. Stephen A. Smith even, you know, again, a a Democratic mouthpiece. It's basically, you know, him and Pat

(10) [xJk0pNoMwT0#20] Remember when I said this like 2 days ago, bring a bulldozer and just move it all? They've got a bulldozer and two skid steers sitting there to clean up this communist dump. And a and a garbage truck. >> [laughter] >> Exactly. Oh, what do we got going on here? We got another [ __ ] getting arrested. Aw, leave a like on the video to shed one tear.

(11) [kwuGsFhz_8Q#23] and says nothing. You want to talk about being a coward? Megan Kelly, look in the mirror. Also, isn't this you, Megan Kelly? >> People with me on stage right now are all transgender kids who want others to know it's possible to transition socially with love and support and acceptance within a family and a community. Please welcome 16-year-old Nicole, 12-year-old >> I mean, Megan Kelly is a talking head. She goes wherever the money is. Candace Owens is a talking head. She goes where the money is. These people don't have

(12) [xJk0pNoMwT0#16] Wisconsin for $4. Okay? Third of all, if it and more importantly, the message is working because people are still still struggling financially. We've been We've been I mean families have been under immense pressure with just these gas prices. People say, "Oh, gas prices gas prices." When you're living paycheck to paycheck, spending an extra 200 bucks a month on gas is a lot of money. Now, Trump came out yesterday and was

(13) [xbT-lWAzaiA#12] shows on his network. I I met one of the young ladies that works for him. She's really really nice. but very pretty too. He knows how to hire. But he served his time. He he had to go to prison. So Anthony Fouchy being convicted of exactly the same charge should do his time. Now it's important to point out every time I think Federman is going to be would be a acceptable Democratic nominee. He talks such a big talk. He

(14) [VYD--C8hJ4I#24] This is why you live lose. Poor people vote, too. Working class people vote, too. And they don't want to hear from millionaires about how they should suck it up and eat noodles in a cup. That that's not that's not the answer. And the more dis- engaged, the more delusional these people get about the cost of living, the worse the election's going to be. Andrew Colvets wrote, "Was one of our TPUSA college students gave me his take

(15) [IExQL8ns9X0#21] been more free. People have never been more free in life to simply relocate somewhere else. But they never do, do they? They stay here and they continue to talk about how how terrible things are, everything like that. You know what I mean? Like it's insane. It's insane. In addition to the deportation, she was

(16) [MScY2xohqsE#13] [sighs] golly g willers, how how did he pull this off? Before the president's visit to the course in California, 38-year-old Janine John Taley from Downey, California, taken into custody in Rancho's Palace Verdees by plain closed FBI agents after they spotted his suspicious activity. Now, agents observed Ty walking through the golf course grounds, taking photos and videos, appearing to monitor security planning activities. They now that I mean again, the Democrats don't sound

(17) [MScY2xohqsE#15] got a clean shot and just missed, you know, just missed. You know, ultimately when security is that poor around the most important man in the country, I don't have a lot of confidence in saying that he should be out and about doing this stuff. Indoor events only. Even then, >> they also found him with an illegally modified AR platform rifle. a couple of radio signal devices, a 1911.

(18) [yVm_CeJYFCc#24] and she's going to win. Now, we're talking about potentially at least 11,000 confirmed cases. Every one of them will sue. Why wouldn't you? I mean, this is I mean, the fact that they covered it up or at least sat on their hands. I can't say for sure that they covered it up. But, to me it seems pretty clear that they sat on their hands as long as they could before they were basically forced to tell us about it.

(19) [PNV4UwkurEA#5] February 2023, Williams was impeached while serving as a student senator. He just wasn't involved anymore. Mosley recalled. He wasn't as interested, wasn't attending as much. Mosley said the scholarship associated with the role required holding office hours, attending meetings, and helping plan events. Over the last year, the pair lost touch, and Mosley said he was heartbroken to hear about the wrong and evil that he did. He told the outlet he wasn't sure what uh what may have occurred to in Williams life to lead to the tragedy on Saturday.

(20) [4gJvZoDWh7w#14] does not believe this. That is why and that is the only reason she won't debate it. I could put out the call and get 500 flat earthers willing to debate an expert, a globist, I think they call them, a roundar or something. I could get hundreds of people who want to come on and debate that. I could get hundreds of people who want to come on and debate that the moon landing was fake. I could get hundreds of people to come on and talk about um let's say, you know, the Twin Towers.

(21) [PNV4UwkurEA#2] video is sponsored by Coffee Brand Coffee by CBC.com. We'll take you directly to my store. Real quick, we've got everything you could ever want. All I'm asking is to give us a try today. K Cups, whole bean ground, everything available at Walmart hopefully by the end of the month. Check us out. In-N-Out Burger loser Chad Williams was actually impeached while at college as former classmates reveal actually what sent him off the rails. The lunatic who took three people from us was impeached as a student senator during college. The

(22) [xJk0pNoMwT0#6] The guy who had By the way, the guy they're protesting for, the guy that they're gathering for, has 40 prior misdemeanor and felony convictions. And he was taken out after going after going after three police officers with a knife. There isn't even the the vagueness, you know, I don't think that Saint Floyd, blessed be upon him, his name on high, I don't think there's any question that he passed away from a fentanyl overdose. But, at least in that case, there was

(23) [xbT-lWAzaiA#10] conviction. The Supreme Court later vacated the lower appellet ruling in April 2026 following Justice Department motion under the Trump administration to drop the indictment. He did his time. He didn't make a phone call. He didn't, you know, once once Trump was back in office. But this is this is why this is such an important message to the Trump administration. We're watching. We were promised justice. And if justice comes in the form of

(24) [4gJvZoDWh7w#5] There's a couple of clips I want to go over because I thought they're they're amazing. Let's just go right to the clip here. Again, hund, you know, millions of people will see this now and see how stupid Canones really is. Dinosaurs aren't real one. That one's great. >> But have you noticed like the flatearthers have fleets of people who will debate their stances? Like fleets of them who are like we can't wait. I held a pretty famous flat earth debate on my channel not that long ago. Was

(25) [kwuGsFhz_8Q#21] >> Um hi. Uh the WTA recently announced that you know the players will take a one-time gender test. How do you how do you feel about that? The first pro league to go in that direction. I think it's really important to keep the fairness in our tour and >> it's obvious that biologically, right, the men are way stronger than women. So, I feel like it would be not really fair for the woman to compete against biological men. So, >> now you could say she's the number one tennis player in the world and she did it. Sure, she did.

(26) [N1yZh-Jj51k#3] enjoying it. You can search up Quartering Vlogs on whatever platform. Um, that you wish. Um, it's available everywhere and uh, it'll be linked in the description. So, wherever you like to watch videos. Hopefully, it's on the mean green best site on the internet because that's where everybody should be watching their videos. But if you haven't yet, I make it available everywhere. Social media users, it's linked in the description and pin comment. Social media users are now calling on the WNBI WBA to s sign trans

(27) [N1yZh-Jj51k#20] protest against her. And you know, they had a national televised game today and Cheryl, you know, wore a shirt and it's just a conversation. I'm wondering just what do you think about it? Do you do you think that's good for the league? Does it does it detract from the basketball? Is it is it just noise? Um I'm just wondering what your opinion is. >> I think Thank you for that question. I think just in terms of um how I'm seeing it is if I could answer

(28) [yVm_CeJYFCc#4] is by paying for a special blood test. So, if you're, you know having the hot snakes and um you know, you're sliding into the third and you feel a slimy turd maybe you don't go to the doctor. Get it like you get sick for a couple weeks maybe you still don't go. I wouldn't go. I'd be like, "Oh, I'm just taking some Imodium and see what's going on here." And you You know what I mean? So, if we know there's 20 plus thousand people who went to the hospital, had the

(29) [MScY2xohqsE#12] details. Kevin Ed, Jesse, an armed man said to be monitoring security planning activities arrested on Sunday with a cache of weapons and body armor. This is all happening outside of Trump National Golf Course just a couple of days. >> Don't they have really strict laws about that stuff in California? How did he get this? How did a criminal who is connected to a robbery? Now, I'm wondering if that robbery was him getting this equipment. It might have been, but boy, don't they have these really strict laws? Like,

(30) [PNV4UwkurEA#6] All I know is what he was to me back in the day. Williams appeared to engage in more right-wing posts on X- expressing concerns over crime and restriction of weapons rights and immigration enforcement. They all reported now this guy was not mega but he may have been at one point. Remember as I talked about yesterday there was pretty clear twist like he used to follow Elon Musk then he unfollowed him and then he targeted Teslas. Sounds to me like this guy was probably

(31) [xBOcmq33UH8#2] as as as I've ever seen outside of a Hollywood movie. Now, maybe people aren't super religious and they think, "Well, that's whatever." Okay. Well, there's also the new information that came out that he had recently suffered from, I believe, sepsis, and that can actually cause psychotic breaks. I didn't know that. So, that was probably one of the two things or or it's drugs or or something else. But I need to scan this article to make sure there's no uh terrible images

(32) [tBHm09OttbQ#9] just fully in his birthday suit on camera just like it's like a demon's controlling him. It's like in a horror movie. Uh, and he live streamed this to thousands and thousands of kids that follow him on TikTok and uh, you know, and they're never going to unsee that. Now, they received multiple calls about individual in the act of doing, you know, terrible things. Um, deputies were dispatched to Hilton's house and spoke with family members who were already on the scene. Deputies confirmed that

(33) [IExQL8ns9X0#5] that his violent immigrant wife attacked an American citizen and had any consequences whatsoever. So he uploaded a video to the internet begging for money and it of course got taken down because even as farle lefty as GoFundMe is they don't let you raise money for people who are accused of these type of crimes. Well, it's gotten a little worse. She's completely ruined her life. She ruined her life. She ruined her family. She's going to ruin her husband's life. By the way, if he has to move to Canada to be

(34) [xBOcmq33UH8#21] had emerged from a 21-day hospital stint as he battled sepsis. as a result, he said, of taking flu medication on an empty stomach that triggered a cascade of health problems. Now, to me, that seems odd. [snorts] So, he got sepsis from taking Nyquil on an empty stomach. that doesn't add up. But I'm not a doctor and I'm not the science like you know Anthony Fouchy. So perhaps it's possible you know but he he says of like you know

(35) [VYD--C8hJ4I#12] three kids in college and the food in the cafeteria is so much better now than the slop the food ladies made pay me. Yeah, well, did you pay for their meal plan? Cuz I bet you did. Most college kids don't have that. I didn't. My wife didn't. Jack Posobiec pointed out that Theisen, a son of two Manhattan doctors, attended the Taft School in Waterbury, Connecticut, which costs $82,000 a year. He said, "The school wasn't serving quote slop." And a ticked off Theisen responded to Posobiec by him, "You're writing so you're such a moron."

(36) [tBHm09OttbQ#14] know, all over his body with a with a kitchen knife. Um, I I don't know. >> Say, "Fuck you, Tik Tok." >> He says, "F you, Tik Tok." Now, I can see that the weapon he's using doesn't look super sharp, but there's obviously cuts all over himself. He's he he's he's

(37) [IExQL8ns9X0#9] She was then sent after [snorts] that to ISIS processing center in Laredo, Texas. She attended a hearing in the state by phone on Tuesday and plead guilty to the misdemeanor simple assault and was ordered deported. Now, she thought, see, she thought by pleading guilty, they would let her stay. But in Texas, they generally do things a little bit different. And the judge was not swayed by her tears or by her guilty plea or by her soy husband's cries.

(38) [PNV4UwkurEA#16] away from the scene." And now in this interview, we'll see. We know it did preventing further casualties. I could tell he was trying to figure out where to go and somebody in the drive-thru line who is armed started firing on him. Cohen recalled. He said the the coward panicked and started acting erratically, but the armed civilian distracted him from causing more carnage. Good guy with a weapon stops bad guy with a weapon. Now, maybe it wasn't his his bullet, but it was those returning fire that made him

(39) [xbT-lWAzaiA#15] What's going on with Big Tish? Nothing. They got her on some like mortgage paperwork thing that'll probably never even go to trial. These are people that absolutely positively Yes, the girl's name is Natalie Winters. Thanks for reminding me. Natalie Winters at uh at B. I don't know if she's still with them or not, but I met her at the RNC. Extremely nice person, smart, tenacious. Hopefully, she's still thriving. Anthony Fouchy lied. He lied under oath

(40) [yVm_CeJYFCc#22] Kimberly [snorts] Harris filed a complaint on Friday, July 31st in U.S. District Court of Eastern Michigan, and she should win. She alleges she purchased food containing Taylor Farms lettuce from a Taco Bell location in Warren. According to the complaint, she developed severe stomach cramping, fatigue, the runs, dizziness, and more. She alleges testing later confirmed that she had cyclospora parasitic infection. Complaint states that Harris previously received a liver transplant in 2008 and claims the infection created additional health risks because she temporarily

(41) [yVm_CeJYFCc#9] continue to work with Taco Bell." Wrote Michigan state epidemiologist. It's unclear exactly how the outbreak came to light, but when the discussions began, Michigan advised businesses and commercial kitchens that handle raw produce to take extra precautions with lettuce, leafy greens, and other produce on July 4th. It is now August 4th tomorrow, or maybe you're seeing this on August 4th. It's been a month. And by the way, extra precaution with leafy greens is just washing a little bit more, and washing it is wildly

(42) [4gJvZoDWh7w#2] it and I got to say I was and this sounds kind of weird to say, but I was so proud of Andrew for holding his ground. A lot of people might acquies to to Joe Rogan who even Andrew called out, might want to play nice with him, but he went on there and absolutely humiliated Candace Owens to the large to one of the few people with a larger audience than Candace Owens. And and her fans have already started to

(43) [kwuGsFhz_8Q#19] they're going after Sophie Cunningham because she did have the bold stance. Now, look, Sophie Cunningham is a is a quality player in the WNBA, and she will probably make far more in her postNBA career being a commentator like Allah Riley Gaines. She's beautiful, charismatic, funny. She's a total package. But Kayn Clark is about ball. All right? She's out there. She's not, you know, doing UFC ring girl stuff. She's out there getting being, you know, honing her craft. There's no question about the fact that the WNBA targets

(44) [xbT-lWAzaiA#8] >> Mr. Chairman, on the vote of those present, the yays are eight, the nays are five. On the vote by proxy, and for the record only, the yays are zero, the nays are two. On this vote, the yays are eight, the naysay are five, and the motion is agreed. See, no. >> Boom. Now, I want to point out they did this to Steve Bannon. Okay, just remember and he sat in federal prison for what was it? Four months, something like that. You know, this is a guy that sat in prison. There is a a subpoena for him back in 2021.

(45) [kwuGsFhz_8Q#7] not really a discussion we really have in our locker room. I think it's for leagues and the governing bodies to work with their athletes to find solutions. Our focus is on basketball and that's what we talk about and how we can get wins and obviously we didn't do that tonight. So need to find an area to improve in that way. >> Do you have any, you know, reaction to the >> I just answered for you. >> Now here's the thing. What everybody is missing the forest from the trees for who are upset by this. She did give her answer, didn't she? Her answer is that she's not okay with it. That's her

(46) [VYD--C8hJ4I#10] made a dig about Theisen's eating habits. "I'm surprised to hear Mark say this. If you ever met him in person, it's quite obvious the man has never missed a burrito." Vance posted while misspelling Theisen's first name. Good. Good burn. Classic Vance. While Theisen is yet to address Vance's roast cuz he got roasted, he has doubled down on his burrito position online firing off several angry posts lashing out at critics of his original burrito commentary. To his original point, someone pointed out that on-campus meal plans are

(47) [MScY2xohqsE#10] I mean, you know, I mean, I I don't have a lot of trust in the Secret Service being able to protect him. Now, you could argue that they clearly foiled this what very very obviously looks like another attempt on his life, a wouldbe attempt in a few days. Trump has faced, of course, multiple attempts in recent years. We know all that. As Trump flies to California, he'll likely throw barbs at the governor. I'd likely candidate for the

(48) [xBOcmq33UH8#26] found Christ, you know, I'm I'm hoping that that but, you know, I think all of these other things kind of add up to the guy's life was falling apart, broke, out of work, no love life, three kids that he bought. You know, I don't know where the kids even were. I I assume maybe with his mother or family. He's also been suffering with body body dysmorphia. um and the sepsis and you know all this