VIDEO: WOKE CANADIAN FACES NEW HUMILIATION
RUNTIME: 14 min

[1] 00:00  Maybe you remember, you probably remember the story of that woke Canadian who was in our country illegally or overextended on a visa and decided that as a Canadian, she was going to contract Trump derangement syndrome while being here. And like most liberals with TDS, she thought there would be no consequences for her actions because largely in Democrat cities, there aren't. Well, as you remember, she attacked

[2] 00:30  somebody for wearing um American themed sweatpants, physically attacked them, and found out she was facing deportation. But now she's facing an additional humiliation. Now, I happen to like most Canadians. Conservative Canadians are welcome. Lunatics who attack American loving teens because they're triggered. They

[3] 01:01  can get deported. And she has been deported and now faces a new humiliation. By the way, I want to give a huge shout out to Coffee Brand Coffee. I'll keep it quick. By CBC.com, we'll take you directly to our Amazon store. If you're an Amazon Prime member, you get the stuff shipped free overnight. Most everything is in stock there. And um whole bean ground and whole bean whole bean ground and kup. Holy moly. Can you talk

[4] 01:31  check it out Canadian now deported for slapping teen for wearing mega clothing re gets one final humiliation as she's banished from the United States. remember how her husband was was had all that energy talking about how she he was hoping for Baron Trump to get cancer and how he was celebrating the passing of Republicans and he wants more of that. That was just like a few weeks before he uploaded a video balling his eyes out

[5] 02:03  that his violent immigrant wife attacked an American citizen and had any consequences whatsoever. So he uploaded a video to the internet begging for money and it of course got taken down because even as farle lefty as GoFundMe is they don't let you raise money for people who are accused of these type of crimes. Well, it's gotten a little worse. She's completely ruined her life. She ruined her life. She ruined her family. She's going to ruin her husband's life. By the way, if he has to move to Canada to be

[6] 02:35  with her, I see that as an absolute win. One less murderous leftist amongst us is is an absolute W. The Canadian woman who was ordered to be deported after slapping a teenager for wearing a mega attire um failed to raise even half of the funds requested for her legal defense w This was a massive story and even the left said, "Nah, we're not going to give

[7] 03:07  you money." She was abandoned by the very people she thought she was going to impress with this act. That's her legacy. That's her story. She thought she was standing up for the American left. She thought she would be seen as a hero and they ignored her and laughed at her. Caitlyn Tracy, who is 33, was caught on camera pummeling someone on the Jersey Shore Port Boardwalk during a Fourth of July celebrations before being forced to turn herself in days later when

[8] 03:37  investigators reviewed surveillance footage and figured out who she was. At the time of the attack, she had already overstayed her visa and was in the United States illegally. So, she was transferred immigrations and custom enforcements custody and held in the agency's notorious Delaney Hall detention facility. There she's with her people. All those illegals that she was fighting for when she attacked a child. Now she got to be with them. Maybe they made her bananas and rice. She could have that.

[9] 04:10  She was then sent after [snorts] that to ISIS processing center in Laredo, Texas. She attended a hearing in the state by phone on Tuesday and plead guilty to the misdemeanor simple assault and was ordered deported. Now, she thought, see, she thought by pleading guilty, they would let her stay. But in Texas, they generally do things a little bit different. And the judge was not swayed by her tears or by her guilty plea or by her soy husband's cries.

[10] 04:41  Before the court proceedings, an online fundraiser for Tracy's legal defense was organized by mid July. The goal was set at 10 grand, but as of last night, it had only raised $4500. And you know what's interesting? They had to use G send to do it. We're raising funds to help Kate secure an experienced legal representative throughout her immigration case. Every dollar donated to his fundraisers will paid directly to her legal team. Guess what? [snorts] She didn't have a legal

[11] 05:11  team. She didn't have a trial. She got deported. So the $4,800 that these dorks donated never went to a lawyer. They should, you know, she should probably go, you know, give Sanango should probably take this fundraiser down and take the money back. [snorts] You look at a lot of the donations. Legend get home safe, you know, uh, love and light through strength. Okay. You're more welcome here than mega. Trust that. Stay safe.

[12] 05:44  Stay safe. She attacked somebody. It's no different than when these left-wing nuts go and, you know, attack somebody for for wearing a Trump hat. You don't get to do that. Not a single person that I know of ever wearing a Biden hat or Camala hat was ever assaulted. But hundreds of people wearing Trump apparel have been. Maybe thousands. Hundreds. At least according to reports. How many went unreported?

[13] 06:16  Your support helps ensure Kate has the opportunity to fully exercise her legal rights. She has no rights. She's not a citizen here. Get out. Sending much love and support from Canada. Abolish ICE now. Why does Why does Canada care about ICE? Canada's Canada doesn't enforce any of their own Canada doesn't enforce immigration. Hundreds of thousands of Indians are crossing the northern border right now. Completely unchecked. Trump better pay attention to that, too. you know, while they're going through

[14] 06:46  all these, you know, raiding all these Mexican restaurants, they need to add these Indian restaurants and bodeas to the list. These people are not citizens and they have to go home. Most of them don't pay taxes. Earlier this month, Tracy's husband, 42, how old is she? 33. 42y old man had set up a GoFundMe for the same p purpose, but the website took it down. Jeron told the Daily Mail at the time that the funders was shut off because it had been quote reported by

[15] 07:17  mega people. All these people do is lie. It was not reported by mega people. GoFundMe has a policy against raising money against violent offenders. There is no conversation to be had about Omega targeted it. They can't even be honest even in the face of everybody knowing the truth. Everybody knows the truth of why it took down. Everybody knew because why they took it down because they took

[16] 07:48  it down because GoFundMe gives Sendo does not allow these. I'm sorry. Goofundme does not allow fundraisers for this purpose. >> [snorts] >> The newer page established on website gives Sanango likewise claimed our original GoFundMe campaign was removed and all donations refunded after coordinated mass reporting of the campaign by a Facebook group that targeted the fundraiser. Not true. Look at that face. Look at that face. That is the face of finding out. Leave a like for finding

[17] 08:19  out. Again, I talked about it earlier in my Fouchy video. [snorts] You're never really going to get total and complete victory on things. This is a massive W. Not only was an aggressive leftist held accountable for their actions, but they were deported and humiliated on top of it. To me, that's the trifecta. And you know what's funny? Oh, she's missing America now. America's so bad.

[18] 08:50  America's so bad. There's her doing it. Idiot. However, GoFundMe called them liars. GoFundMe policies clearly dictate that fundraiser on the platform are not allowed if they're raising money accused of crimes. Tracy, who was dubbed the Maple Leaf Menace in a post on X by the Department of Homeland Security, confronted a group of teens back on July 3rd who are wearing patriotic colored clothing. You're in my country. You're in our country. It'd be no different than me going to Canada and being like, "Your government sucks and I'm going to

[19] 09:21  commit crimes because I'm mad about it." then don't come. Then don't go to Canada if you don't like their government. Or if you do, keep your mouth shut and keep your hands off other people. It's really not that difficult to not attack people. It's the easiest thing to do ever. She was initially charged with endangering the welfare of a child. Simple assault, harassment, and obstruction. Her more serious charges were dropped by prosecutors in exchange for a guilty plea. So, she got a plea deal, which I don't like. She should have been held accountable for all of it. But the

[20] 09:52  most important thing is she's being deported and she got humiliated. [snorts] That that's the most important thing. Now her husband who also hates America will have to move to Canada to be with his wife. He can go live in a country that embraces socialism like he wants. I don't know why he even moved her to the States. Why didn't he simply go to Canada where it's a socialist paradise? All these people that spend all day spuring out about how bad America is, they have never

[21] 10:24  been more free. People have never been more free in life to simply relocate somewhere else. But they never do, do they? They stay here and they continue to talk about how how terrible things are, everything like that. You know what I mean? Like it's insane. It's insane. In addition to the deportation, she was

[22] 10:54  also sentenced to one day in jail. But she was granted time served for the days spent behind bars in Ocean City after turning herself in. Although Tracy was the US in the US illegally at the time of her attack, her lawyer, Francis Hopkins, Oh, she did have a lawyer attempted to paint her in a positive light during Tuesday's hearing. She met her husband and didn't leave. While she was here, she maintained employment and was a protective member of society. Don't care. I don't care if an illegal alien is a priest. Doesn't matter to me.

[23] 11:25  You're here illegally. Come in the right way. It's it's it's that simple. The lawyer simply described the attack as unfortunate and that his client had taken responsibility for her role in it. And this is a reasonable judgment. um that is consistent with similar type matters that happen every day during the summer on this boardwalk. Well, everyone else is doing it, so my client shouldn't be held accountable. Prosecutors said the family of the victim, who has identified only by initials because of their age, agreed to the plea deal. Judge Guy P. Ryan read the impact

[24] 11:56  statement. The parents recite that thank goodness for cameras and cell phones to have documented the incident. The victim and her family look forward to justice being served, and they thank all the agencies involved. It's unclear exactly when Tracy will be deported back to Canada and how long she will be prohibited from returning to the United States. Though the judge expects it to be quote, "A very long time." Tracy's loser husband provided a different account of the attack. He claimed the group provoked Tracy and were causing mayhem in the Jersey Shore boardwalk. Allegedly, they pushed and shoved her

[25] 12:27  during [snorts] the confrontation, but for some reason, all the security camera footage never showed that. Dr. said the teenagers had been provoking many people on the boardwalk but singled out his wife because she was wearing punk clothing that clashed with her mega attire. They were wearing ice merch. He said don't care. The husband said that police at the scene let Tracy leave and described it as a nothing burger, but investigators then reviewed the short surveillance clip and the confrontation that led to the war being issued for the arrest with Jeron said was out of context. Oh no, they had all

[26] 12:57  the context. That's why they arrested her. This is also an absolute great example of why internet outrage can be used for good. I don't think if this went uh if this didn't go viral, I think she would have walked. I really do. Deroni said that Tracy was almost freed from Ocean County jail before being hit with the immigration detainer. Okay. Trump is emboldening these people. They

[27] 13:27  are proud of their hate, not love, he said. Okay. Okay. Well, then go live under Trudeau. Absolutely. You know, where is this? Praying the entire Trump family gets cancer. I thought what you said. Oh, happy that McConnell's dead. I thought you said they're not leading with love. It's the same people that use the Bible against Christians. Doesn't your God blah? They don't believe, so their opinions do not matter. These guys don't believe in love, so their opinions do

[28] 13:57  not matter. Sorry, Canada. You're going to have to deal with her now.