VIDEO: IT WENT NUCLEAR
RUNTIME: 14 min

[1] 00:00  We'll leave it to a bunch of women to completely destroy something cuz I'm kidding. Not the 3% of my amazing female viewers. It's the rest of the women. The situation in the WNBA has spiraled so far out of control that there's probably no coming back for this league at a moment in which it was finally for the first time in almost 15 years looking at being profitable for a single year. Matt Walsh, Beck, and Kelly weighed in on it and I disagree with their take. So, we'll have to see. Normally I like Matt's takes. I could take or leave uh

[2] 00:33  Megan, but people are slamming Caitlyn Clark for not wanting to get involved in the um the debate. Now, I have a perfectly good reason. Now, let's remember she plays in a league of women that already hate her. She plays in a league that is probably 40% or more LGBTQ. Um, and everything she has in her career is writing on this. And Kayn Clark is not a political commentator. So Dave

[3] 01:04  Port slams absolute Megan Kelly. And then I think she just copied Matt Walsh's take for a cheap shot at the WNBA's culture war deepens. Dave Portoy ripped into Megan Kelly for taking a cheap shot at Klayton Clark. Clark was involved in a testy exchange with reporter on Sunday after being as speaking of testies after being asked about the controversy surrounding her Indiana Fever teammate Sophie Cunningham, who recently calls a stir by saying biological men should not be allowed to play in women's sports. That's not a stir, that's just biology.

[4] 01:36  Leave a like on the video if you agree. The Indiana superstar had zero interest in sharing her own thoughts on the topic. Instead, shutting down two reporters who quizzed her about Cunningham stake and instead insisting the team's focus is on basketball. Now, I agree. What happened to shut up and dribble? Isn't that what we were all saying forever? Now suddenly it's like, "Well, we want you to speak up." It's almost like some of these people are saying, "Well, we want you to shut up and dribble if we don't agree with your politics, but if we do agree with your politics, we expect you to speak out." I don't think Kayn Clark has that

[5] 02:06  responsibility. In light of her koi response, conservative commentator Kelly took to a brand Clark a coward for refusing to speak out in support of Cunningham and the issue of trans athletes and women's sports. That did not go down well with Porti who ignited a shock feud with Kelly by labeling her an absolute I agree. Just two months after his latest appearance on her show. Absolute moron/ idiot to call Caitlyn a coward for this answer, the Barcel sports chief and Caitlyn Clark super fan replied to her, "First of all, you don't even know how she feels on the issue. And more importantly, she doesn't

[6] 02:37  owe it to you or anybody else to be your political talking point. She just wants to play ball. And that's what I want. That's what everybody wants." And what is this? What is this response? You know, why is everybody having a melty about this? This is all it was. And Matt Walsh, too, I respect 90% of your takes, but this one I think is dumb. Why attack her? So, Caitlyn Clark dodged a question about, you know, a political question being asked by reporters. >> I think for us, like, you know, we it's

[7] 03:09  not really a discussion we really have in our locker room. I think it's for leagues and the governing bodies to work with their athletes to find solutions. Our focus is on basketball and that's what we talk about and how we can get wins and obviously we didn't do that tonight. So need to find an area to improve in that way. >> Do you have any, you know, reaction to the >> I just answered for you. >> Now here's the thing. What everybody is missing the forest from the trees for who are upset by this. She did give her answer, didn't she? Her answer is that she's not okay with it. That's her

[8] 03:40  answer. She answered the question. If she was for it, she'd be like every one of these other morons out there. There are coaches in the WNBA wearing, you know, tea person propaganda t-shirts on the sidelines. The WNBA is the only sport I know of that allows coaches to wear political statements on their shirts other than the NBA for the occasional BLM t-shirts, but that's pregame, not during game even. And they're asking her a question that does not even relate to her. Did you know that there is not even a single

[9] 04:10  biological man in the WNBA? Not one. So, not only is it a problem that nobody in the NBA is even a WNBA is even dealing with, it's not a problem Caitlyn Clark is dealing with. And she's smart enough to know they're just baiting her. They're baiting her so they could cancel her and take away her multi-million dollar shoe deals and all the other sponsorships Caitlyn Clark does. Her Nike deal. You don't think Nike would drop her? Nike gave Callin Kaepernick like a $50 million deal for hating on cops. He wasn't even in the league anymore.

[10] 04:43  What they're trying to do is trick her to ruin her career. I disagree with Matt saying Kaitlin Clark might be the biggest coward in the history of sports. She refuses to say anything about the anti-whiteism she's been subjected to since coming into the league. She punts on the trans question, which is the easiest question you could ever be asked. No spine. Well, to be fair, Matt Walsh and Megan Kelly are paid millions of dollars to have political opinions. Caitlin Clark has paid millions of dollars to put a ball in a hole. I thought we all agreed shut up and dribble was what we wanted out of our sports athletes. I thought we all agreed

[11] 05:13  that we were going to stop watching the NBA because it got political. Now suddenly we're like athletes have to speak out and get into politics. I disagree. Now again, I love Matt. I think he has great takes on most things. I just disagree with him on this one. I disagree with Megan Kelly, too. There are zero biological men in the WNBA. They shouldn't even be asking that question. They're only doing it to try to ruin her career. And because she didn't take the bait, people are calling her a coward. I disagree. Leave it to people like Riley Gains. Look, Riley Gaines gave up nothing to

[12] 05:45  take a career in political politics. Okay? Riley Gaines is is a great athlete and yes, she took a risk and she's heroic for standing up for women, but people are like, "Well, Riley Gaines can do it." Well, Riley Gaines made it her career. It's not like she was a professional Olympic swimmer and she was making political statements. She was a college swimmer who then moved into a career of political pundity and she's great at it and she does incredible things for women's sports and her advocacy is amazing, but she didn't give

[13] 06:16  up anything to take that stance. People expecting Caitlyn Clark to give up her entire career. We don't even know her politics. This is a woman that shared a pro Camala Har Har Har Har Har Har Har Har Har Har Har Har Har Har Har Har Har Har Har Har Harris post from Taylor Swift. She's probably a Democrat. It's just that people get so politicrained that they think there's no possible way Democrats could agree with him on this issue. But most Democrats do. It's one of the biggest reasons Trump won the election in 2024. Most normal in air quotes people,

[14] 06:48  Republican or Democrat, don't think that biological men should be in in in women's spaces or sports. Kayn Clark is very clearly probably a Democrat or a bogstanded liberal woman. Okay, she very clearly answered that question by saying, you know, ask somebody else. That's her saying she doesn't agree with it. Why are we attacking her? It it doesn't make any sense. Again, you want to talk about issues, we can talk about Sophie Cunningham getting like having, you know,

[15] 07:21  having her teeth knocked out. Sophie just got 17 of her teeth knocked out and they called her for the foul. I mean that's you know we can look at >> for the review >> here. Listen to poor noise. This is something we should be outraged about. >> Out of WNBA refs. >> This is just a defensive foul. Thank you for the review. Just a defensive foul. No hostile act. Just a foul on Sophie Cuttingham. They call that a [laughter] foul on Sophie Cuttingham.

[16] 07:53  Now, there is I don't want to be that guy, but there is a rule where you have to give the other player a little bit of space. I don't think that's what they applied here because certainly trapping and basketball is a thing and you know, the coach of the other team is wearing um you know, trans kids belong shirts. I mean, it's pretty clear. I mean, to be fair, she was too close. She was probably at fault. I mean, I think most people look at that. She got elbowed in the face and

[17] 08:25  they called her for the foul. They don't call this foul hardly ever, being too close. On three-pointers, they enforce it because if you're too close, players would land on feet and uh, you know, break their ankles, turn their ankles over. That's not what was happening here. This to me is probably an activist. I mean, look at this. The coach of the other team right here wearing a wearing a political t-shirt on the sideline. >> She's got 14 of her teeth on the ground. That's a defensive foul and they reviewed it for a hostile act.

[18] 08:57  >> Yeah, Sophie saying, "Hey, I just got my jaw broke." Is this a political stance? >> It is. >> You just took 14 of my teeth just Yeah. Quiet, Sophie. No big deal. A defensive foul. Let's Let's watch this one more time. This is on Sophie. >> Uh, I don't think so. No, it's not. >> No, I don't think so. elbow to the jaw to 14 teeth gone. That's offensive. Uh, bro, yeah, Sophie, >> it's it's a it's offensive foul, but

[19] 09:28  they're going after Sophie Cunningham because she did have the bold stance. Now, look, Sophie Cunningham is a is a quality player in the WNBA, and she will probably make far more in her postNBA career being a commentator like Allah Riley Gaines. She's beautiful, charismatic, funny. She's a total package. But Kayn Clark is about ball. All right? She's out there. She's not, you know, doing UFC ring girl stuff. She's out there getting being, you know, honing her craft. There's no question about the fact that the WNBA targets

[20] 09:59  white players. There's no question that they're targeting Sophie Cunningham uh for her statements about biological men. And there's no question that they target Caitlyn Clark because they're jealous of her because she's white in my opinion and and better than them. That that that is stuff worth talking about. The fact that Caitlyn Clark I mean this league is absolutely collapsing. We have the number one ranked tennis player in the world finishing her press conference this way though.

[21] 10:30  >> Um hi. Uh the WTA recently announced that you know the players will take a one-time gender test. How do you how do you feel about that? The first pro league to go in that direction. I think it's really important to keep the fairness in our tour and >> it's obvious that biologically, right, the men are way stronger than women. So, I feel like it would be not really fair for the woman to compete against biological men. So, >> now you could say she's the number one tennis player in the world and she did it. Sure, she did.

[22] 11:02  She did. And Kaitlin Clark could have done that, too. But we don't know her politics. Why are we expect? She might be pro tea people. We don't know. And I want to live in a world where I don't know athletes personal politics. The WNBA is completely collapsing again. There's not a single biological man in the WNBA yet. This is what we're doing. Megan Kelly calling her a coward. Why? This is coming from the woman that lets Candace Owens run completely unchecked

[23] 11:34  and says nothing. You want to talk about being a coward? Megan Kelly, look in the mirror. Also, isn't this you, Megan Kelly? >> People with me on stage right now are all transgender kids who want others to know it's possible to transition socially with love and support and acceptance within a family and a community. Please welcome 16-year-old Nicole, 12-year-old >> I mean, Megan Kelly is a talking head. She goes wherever the money is. Candace Owens is a talking head. She goes where the money is. These people don't have

[24] 12:05  any personal beliefs. You know, we're talking about all the, you know, when all the blowback happened from Colin Kaepernick for injecting politics into the game. We all agreed that that's not what we wanted in sports. But now suddenly it's like, well, she's a coward. No, I disagree. If you're smart enough, you read through her answer and you saw what she said. She said she doesn't agree with it very obviously. Otherwise, she would have made some pro te person statement. Everyone knows that with any can read

[25] 12:37  between that line. Those lines are the two biggest lines on the planet to read between. But we're now we're attacking her. Why? >> Bringing politics into sports. Uh the league doesn't have a problem with politics in sports. Uh they have a problem with conservative politics in sports. And I will tell you, every time Sophie was on the court, every time she was subbed in, every time she threw up the ball, uh, she was booed by the entire stadium virtually, bar me and Jens, who was sitting next to me, owner of XXXY Athletics. They're trying to do

[26] 13:07  to her what they've done to people like me, what they do to people like you. They call you reprehensible, totally inaccurate things like racist. And I think that's at best and they use violence against you at worst. But I will tell you that Sophie is absolutely unshakable. She is >> That's why So who cares, right? Sophie owns it. You know what happened every time they booed her? Watch this. Sophie Hum getting Sophie Cunningham getting heavily booed in Portland. By the way, most people are there to see the Indiana Fever. [cheering]

[27] 13:38  >> Nails a three. That's what you do and then lets the crowd hear about it. And she booed the crowd back. That's what you do. Get wrecked, losers. That's how you deal with it. You know, I don't think that Kaylin Clark has to come out and the WNBA has now completely devolved into a debacle over an issue that they don't even deal with. Leave it to wokeness to destroy the one good thing that's happened to them. Absolute joke. Hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, make sure you

[28] 14:08  leave a like on it. If you have yet, please subscribe or follow down below and we'll talk to you again real soon.