VIDEO: THEY TRIED ASSASSINATING TRUMP AGAIN
RUNTIME: 13 min

[1] 00:00  What's going on everyone? Jeremy here from the cornering. Some breaking news. Good thing I have some coffee from by CBC.com. Keep me awake. I've got actually two late night videos here. Um, one is a brand new attempt on Donald Trump's life. I have all the new details, all the latest breaking details. It looks very bad. Uh, and it looks like just yet another attempt by uh lunatics. I think this makes it what his the

[2] 00:30  fifth, sixth, seventh attempt at um going after the president. Of course, this is not just the direct fault of the left, but anytime you have these weird situations, um it inspires copycats. It's just like when crazy stuff happens at schools and whatever the case is, you end up with copycats. And I think that ultimately uh this is not the last one. Let's get into this story. Just quick buyc.com, my

[3] 01:02  coffee company. If you can, it'll take you right to the Amazon store. You can pick it up. If you're already a member, change your buy your orders to subscribe and save. You'll save 5% off. Um we have everything in whole bean ground and and uh K Cup. Let's first start with uh this story. heavily armed man uh arrested at Trump's California golf course ahead of the fundraiser. So, most importantly, he knew Trump would be there, right? Or suspected Trump would be there. Trump is scheduled to headline

[4] 01:33  the Republican National Committee fundraising dinner at the golf club his family owns in LA, a suburb of Rancho Pelos Veres on Tuesday. That's next Tuesday. >> [snorts] >> Around 3:30 p.m. Sunday, however, a man was seen taking pictures and observing security activities on the course. Now, that's the important thing, right? Like, I don't care that this guy was armed. I don't care that he had more stuff his house, but the story gets deeper. There's more and more information that proves that he was almost certainly planning an attempt on Donald Trump's

[5] 02:05  life. Ganton Tail, 38, was detained by LA County Sheriff's deputies shortly after the LA Times reported. Interesting. So, I waited. They needed the newspaper before they they reported him. Uh, I don't really know what that means. Cops founded uh a mag in his pants pocket before searching his car in the parking lot and discovered a another weapon there and more ammunition there. Again, why would you just be carrying the mag alone? I I don't know. U but it again,

[6] 02:36  this is clearly he was clearly planning it. On Monday, his residence in Downey, California was searched and they found even more weapons, ammo, including an illegally modified weapon, uh, body armor, and highcapacity mags, which are banned in California, I think. Hey, Hockey. They also claimed to have found, this is the thing, they also have claimed to found find several notebooks that featured quote concerning statements as well as two radio devices. Now, the radio devices, that could be anything. That could be whatever, you

[7] 03:08  know. Hey, Poppy. I know. Huck's like, "Why are you at work, Daddy? It's bedtime. The radio devices could be literally anything. Um, two-way radios that, you know, everyone has. I mean, I have two-way radios from back in the day. They were all the rage." But maybe it means that he was working with a co-conspirator as well. Um, now what's interesting is his arrest was just for carrying a weapon and uh possession of illegal ammunition, including hollow points, which must be illegal in California. Must suck to live

[8] 03:39  there. Police said that while the investigation is ongoing, there's no credible threat to our communities. Well, that's because the guy's been detained. Tail is also under investigation in connection with a robbery in nearby El Seguindo. again. Was he just a a deranged man lurking around? It doesn't seem like it. Not when he's taking photos. Not Not when he's like [clears throat] clearly casing the joint. You know, he's casing where he knows Trump will be. I

[9] 04:12  don't know what is in these these notebooks. I hope they release it soon to to confirm this. Trump is making a rare visit to California and Nevada this week to try and draw contrast with Democrats on the economy, border security, and crime, seeking to shore up Republicans in November elections that will determine whether or not his party keeps control of Congress. Look, I I let me know if you if you what you think. In my opinion, Trump should just stop with the public appearances. I know that that means quote unquote they win, but

[10] 04:43  I mean, you know, I mean, I I don't have a lot of trust in the Secret Service being able to protect him. Now, you could argue that they clearly foiled this what very very obviously looks like another attempt on his life, a wouldbe attempt in a few days. Trump has faced, of course, multiple attempts in recent years. We know all that. As Trump flies to California, he'll likely throw barbs at the governor. I'd likely candidate for the

[11] 05:14  next Democratic presidential nomination. Let's go to some news coverage. The important thing is that he was taking photos and videos of the situation. Uh I am I am 100% certain that this is just another insane Democrat who's trying to take out the president just like at the White House correspondents dinner. Wasn't that guy from California? I can't remember exactly. Alert. A heavily armed man was arrested outside Trump National Golf Course in California ahead of the president's visit. Senior national correspondent Kevin Cork has the

[12] 05:44  details. Kevin Ed, Jesse, an armed man said to be monitoring security planning activities arrested on Sunday with a cache of weapons and body armor. This is all happening outside of Trump National Golf Course just a couple of days. >> Don't they have really strict laws about that stuff in California? How did he get this? How did a criminal who is connected to a robbery? Now, I'm wondering if that robbery was him getting this equipment. It might have been, but boy, don't they have these really strict laws? Like,

[13] 06:16  [sighs] golly g willers, how how did he pull this off? Before the president's visit to the course in California, 38-year-old Janine John Taley from Downey, California, taken into custody in Rancho's Palace Verdees by plain closed FBI agents after they spotted his suspicious activity. Now, agents observed Ty walking through the golf course grounds, taking photos and videos, appearing to monitor security planning activities. They now that I mean again, the Democrats don't sound

[14] 06:47  their best. I mean, every once in a while they're successful in the case of Tyler Robinson, but you know, I don't think that Tyler Robinson was particularly smart. He did not carry out a particularly clean crime. You know, some people who have dreams about stuff uh think otherwise. But, you know, sometimes, you know, they they get lucky. I mean, even you look at that that lunatic down at his uh golf course in Mara Lago, he was about 15 seconds away from getting a clean shot. Thomas Matthew Krooks, who by all accounts is a total

[15] 07:19  got a clean shot and just missed, you know, just missed. You know, ultimately when security is that poor around the most important man in the country, I don't have a lot of confidence in saying that he should be out and about doing this stuff. Indoor events only. Even then, >> they also found him with an illegally modified AR platform rifle. a couple of radio signal devices, a 1911.

[16] 07:49  >> Now, the radio signal devices, maybe they're saying they're detonators. That [snorts] that could be the implication there. I'm not totally sure. >> Body armor, high capacity mags, hollowpoint ammo, and multiple notebooks containing quote concerning statements. Taylor, >> now that's the thing. So, this guy had already started writing his manifesto is what it sounds like to me. His vehicle was also searched and deputies say they recovered a loaded pistol with a chambered round in the car along >> nothing wrong with carrying red

[17] 08:19  >> with more ammunition. Now Ty also had a prior runin within with law enforcement a robbery charge out of Elsa Gundo. As you know the president is in Southern California to headline an AR >> if we see here we can go to the local report here. >> This was also part of a national investigation. Um they are still looking into the details surrounding this but the the uh weapons that he was found with are very disturbing which include body armor. >> Yeah, we know what he had. >> Guy is investigating this along with the

[18] 08:50  sheriff's department here in Los Angeles as Trump's arrival is set for this evening at 6:30. He's planning on having a dinner during this two-day West Coast swing where he will tout his work in the economy and from what we understand take a few jabs at of course Gav Govern governor Gavin Newsome. The purpose of the trip is to spotlight his economic accomplishments and crack down on crime. He was seen leaving the capital. >> Now again we don't know we you know if if I if you play the

[19] 09:21  devil's advocate you say Jeremy you're not worried about security. Look, this guy, you know, they caught him just days before, but you know, I'm wondering what Discords he was in. I wonder if he was into furries. I wonder, you know, what the situation is. Um, and also, I think it's curious that it just it just keeps happening, right? It just keeps happening. And you know what's what's interesting to me? We're going to talk about this Perez Hilton thing. I don't know if I'm going to upgrade upload it tonight or wait for the morning, but

[20] 09:53  I I mean, how many times I mean, obviously, this guy's going to turn out to be a Democrat. Obviously, what was in these notebooks? I think that's important because we have some chilling new details. Apparently, according to this, uh, we have what appears to be a Latino man and a father. Um, but I don't know. He looks like he could be ex-military. I mean, it's he's

[21] 10:26  in good shape. I could say that. [snorts] Now, when they first made contact with him, they determined he was being investigated for 2025 robbery. Um during the pat down deputies discovered some things that we talked about the subsequent search of his vehicle. We know that now he was arrested for carrying concealed weapon but they discovered other stuff back at his house. He was charged with a couple of crimes. You know seconddegree robbery. I'm guessing he'll be out you know out on bail by tomorrow.

[22] 10:57  He entered a not-uilty plea and bail was set at $250,000, which means he'll be get he'll be able to get out of jail before Trump is even in the area. Think about that. This judge thought, let me set the bail amount at, you know, because they only have to file find a bail bondsman. They have to pay 10% of it to a bail bondsman. So 25 grand, that's all he needs. Right now, the left probably has a GoFundMe running so that they can bail this guy out. So, in time for him to I mean, he could bail out tonight on 250K.

[23] 11:32  Now, they said it's an active investigation. Well, sure. Fine. You know, officials confirm that the investigation remains active. Um I I don't know. You know, to me, we have what appears to be a Latino man. Um you know, certainly a Democrat probably not happy about Trump's immigration policies. Uh maybe I'm just speculating right now. We won't really know until we get the actual notebook,

[24] 12:04  you know, like we'll need the actual notebook before we really know. But um just another attempt uh at Trump's life. Um I'm I'm hoping by tomorrow morning we'll have more information. Uh with that, I'm going to get on to my next video because I've got two late night videos tonight. Make sure you go to buy CBC, buy Charlie bravo, Charlie.com. Pick up some coffee today. Soon to be available via Walmart, but absolutely positively could love your support. If you're a coffee drinker, all I ask is

[25] 12:35  that you give it a try. Uh, and if you enjoyed the video, make sure you leave a like on it. If you haven't yet, subscribe or follow down below. And we'll talk to you again real soon.