VIDEO: WNBA DISASTER BACKFIRES
RUNTIME: 14 min

[1] 00:00  So, the WNBA story has now gone completely out of control. The entire internet has now turned their own woke response to simply, you know, not having biological men in the locker room turned it against them. And now people are actively demanding that they that they sign this absolute hulk of a biological male that is playing basketball over in France. I believe we also have several comments from dumb idiot uh

[2] 00:32  commentators. But even Stephen A. Smith, who is a woke mouthpiece for the left, who probably wants to run for president one day. Even he's come out to say like, "What are we doing here? We can't have biological women in in or biological men competing against biological women. It's a simple thing. Why is this controversial?" Well, let's get into this story because it's hilarious. I do want to shout out my vlog channel. Uh, I just released five songs that I've recorded through my life over on this uh, new vlog I did. I hope you're

[3] 01:03  enjoying it. You can search up Quartering Vlogs on whatever platform. Um, that you wish. Um, it's available everywhere and uh, it'll be linked in the description. So, wherever you like to watch videos. Hopefully, it's on the mean green best site on the internet because that's where everybody should be watching their videos. But if you haven't yet, I make it available everywhere. Social media users, it's linked in the description and pin comment. Social media users are now calling on the WNBI WBA to s sign trans

[4] 01:37  French basketball player Julie Tatart, who averages 21 points a game. They came out as trans in 2021 and is a 63 machine averaging 20 rebounds a game. This is the woman. >> This is the woman. I mean, is is it possible that maybe maybe this biological man has a few

[5] 02:08  advantages over all these biological women? I mean, I'm just saying it's possible that this person might have some biological advantages. [snorts] The star won player of the year, defensive player of the year, and domestic player of the year according to Fox News. So, the league over there where this man plays, uh, is supporting it and now people are using it to absolutely roast the WNBA, which is great. And you see Tim Young, LeBron

[6] 02:39  needs to be in the WNBA. Trans basketball player has been dominating f French's second tier women's basketball league. And now the WNBA question is front and center. When asked whether look at Fox News she when asked whether or not they'd join the WNBA if a team called he said I won't say no. Well, even Trump, even Trump had something to say about this, which was absolutely hilarious. Donald Trump said, you know, this is a

[7] 03:11  question uh Donald Trump asked was answering about the WNBA. [applause] >> And I'll tell you what, if I were ever uh I'd be the greatest woman's basketball coach in history, cuz I don't like LeBron James. I like Michael Jordan much better. >> [cheering] >> But I but I'd go up to LeBron James. It doesn't matter. I'd say, "LeBron, did you ever have any desire to be a woman?" >> Because what I'd love you to do is star on my team that I'm building up. I will

[8] 03:42  have the greatest team in history. They'll never lose. Nobody will come within 70 points of this team. No, we have to change that. And we have to make it okay to talk about it. You know, the young lady I was talking about is afraid to talk about it. She's shunned and she's canled when she talks about it. >> Now, this is some prior comments, you know, Trump has made, but it's so funny. Clay Travis, this woman can ball. I can't believe the transphobic WNBA won't sign this woman.

[9] 04:15  >> I mean, look at this. Euroep. I mean, it's a it's a man. It it it's a man that and that these comments going back from 2022, Trump's 2022 comments on men playing in the WNBA are exactly what I needed to get me through this league's current controversy. Stephen A. Smith even, you know, again, a a Democratic mouthpiece. It's basically, you know, him and Pat

[10] 04:47  McAfee at ESPN. And without Pat McAfee, that that network would be completely dead. He wrote, "I'm not backing down. You can support people's rights and believe biological men shouldn't compete in women's sports. Those two things are not mutually exclusive. My issue isn't hate. It's protecting women, protecting girls, and asking why a WNBA CA coach chose to inject herself into a controversy that could hurt the very league she's supposed to represent. Common sense still matters. That's where I stand."

[11] 05:20  And he's right. He she put herself before the whole league >> to a subject that I will openly admit is going to be highly sensitive. >> I'm going to repeat that trans kid belong t-shirt on Sunday during the game following the remarks from Indiana Fever player Sophie Cuttingham. If you remember this came after Sophie Cunningham defended her past statements on protecting girls from playing sports with transgender athletes. During an ESPN interview, Cunningham

[12] 05:52  denied reports that she hates transgender. >> Yeah, let me get to this part. >> On several occasions, her resume speaks for itself, what she was as a swimmer, but I happen to also think she's a fantastic person to talk to, a highly intelligent young lady who's principled. Talking about Riley Gaines there. But this is how his boss how ESPN how ESPN we got some dumb coaches too. ESPN praising Minnesota Lynx coach

[13] 06:22  Cheryl Reeves for her trans shirt which is an apparent jab at Sophie Cunningham who women said who said women should be protected from men in their sports. This is what ESPN had to say. >> Well, we see Cheryl Ree wearing a shirt today in support of trans kids. Trans kids belong on the shirt. This in the aftermath of Sophie Cunningham's recent comments. We actually saw Cheryl and Sophie speaking. There's no such thing as trans kids. There are kids, a very

[14] 06:54  small percentage of them that suffer from gender dysmorphia. But this idea of think of the kids, I mean to me that's exactly who they are thinking of when they push all this crazy propaganda, all this crazy you're not a man, you're not a you're not a boy, you're not a girl, you can do whatever you want, you know, >> center pregame and Joe Reeves >> I noticed she isn't wearing the shirt there when she's talking to the Sophie Cunningham. Now, by the way, Sophie

[15] 07:25  Cunningham could quit the WNBA right now and make $5 million a year podcasting. Now, I don't know what her salary is in the WNBA, but it's probably not that high. Like, that's that's the that's the the reality. You know, she is a a star that is bigger than the entire league. Just like similarly Kayn Clark is has star power bigger than the league. [snorts] These

[16] 07:56  and that's why the players hate them. But of course their coaches still keep kicking the beehive saying here's the WNBA coach Natalie Naski was asked about Sophie Cunningham's recent comments about not wanting men in women's sports. Listen to her answer. I know you don't have the fever again in the regular season, but uh coming out of the break, one of the big news stories has been Sophie, >> by the way, hilariously, there are numerous clips of these women

[17] 08:26  coaches in the WNBA complaining that there aren't enough women coaches. Isn't that funny? There are clips circling the internet where all [snorts] these coaches I don't know how many coaches in WA are women. I assume almost all of them, but they're they're they're the ones complaining that there aren't enough woman coaches. I wonder what they how they would feel in private if a biological man if George Carl or like Pat Riley or or some coach just said,

[18] 08:56  "Hey, I'm a woman now." And then got a job coaching in the WNBA and was and crushing everybody. Now, I'm not saying that women can't be as good as coaches as men. I think there are skills inherent to men that make them better coaches. I mean, you can look at the coach of the Indiana Fever. This is a a coward woman who's supposed to be protecting her players like Caitlyn Clark and Sophie Cunningham and goes out in public and says, "Well, I don't know if I understand enough about the science to

[19] 09:27  say what a man and a woman is." How about just saying, "You know what? Caitlyn Clark is entitled to her own opinion. I'm here to coach basketball, not talk politics. Done. Couldn't do it. She doesn't defend her when she's getting literally assaulted every night on the court. Sophie Cunningham's having these monsters try to knock her teeth out. She goes on the podium after every time and is like, well, you know, it's complicated. >> Cunningham and the protest for her and

[20] 09:58  protest against her. And you know, they had a national televised game today and Cheryl, you know, wore a shirt and it's just a conversation. I'm wondering just what do you think about it? Do you do you think that's good for the league? Does it does it detract from the basketball? Is it is it just noise? Um I'm just wondering what your opinion is. >> I think Thank you for that question. I think just in terms of um how I'm seeing it is if I could answer

[21] 10:30  with like for me sports sports is about belonging. >> Oh, is it? Is it? I thought sports was about teamwork. >> Um it's about inclusivity. >> Ah, she said it. It's about allowing everyone to be their authentic self. Um, you know, I'm big on that just because I have been criticized for my height, for my ethnicity. >> You can't control your height and you can't control your ethnicity. I think

[22] 11:01  you can control whether or not you want to be a biological man and pretend you're a biological woman. Again, I'm not saying trans people don't exist. They do. But it's my opinion that these biological men that go into these biologically female spaces, they are not. They are men who hate women actually and they get off on taking things from them. They get off on making them uncomfortable. It's why sometimes you go into a bathroom stall and there's like, "Oh, Jordan's person went here and you

[23] 11:33  still lived." They wrote that because they get off on it. They get off on making people feel uncomfortable. It's a power trip. >> Um I've been in those you shouldn't belong here uh many times and for >> name one. Name one. >> Me I I don't want that space especially Golden State to ever feel like that. Um so I'm all about women little girls deserving to play and that includes trans women. >> Oh no it doesn't. [snorts]

[24] 12:05  Again, I go back to the time-tested mother and father approved message. Nobody is stopping this woman, this biological man. Okay? Nobody is stopping this biological man from competing in sports. Nobody. Do you think this individual will be averaging 20 rebounds a game in the men's league? No, of course not. In my opinion, they choose to compete against women because it's easier and

[25] 12:36  because some of them get off on making these women uncomfortable and taking from them. That's what I think. I can't I'm not saying that's a fact. I'm just saying that's what I think. And again, just like Stephen A. Smith said, this is not, you know, mutually exclusive. I'm not saying that that people who identify as trans can't play basketball. I'm just saying they have to play basketball against whatever biology they

[26] 13:06  are. And again, I also bring up the time-t tested opinion. How come it's always biological men that want to compete against women? How come there's never an outcry for biological women who want to compete in men's sports? Just ask ask me answer me that question. people who are are pro this. Show me one example. Well, there might be one. Show me show me examples of women, biological women who are causing

[27] 13:37  a a scene about wanting to compete against biological men. It doesn't exist. It's exclusively biological men who want a superior advantage over over their competition in my opinion. And the fact that the league I mean they they they've they finally have eyeballs on their games and they immediately throw it in the garbage. This will be studied. Their collapse will be will be studied and it should be because it's a perfect example of how to

[28] 14:09  ruin something good.