VIDEO: HE CRIED LIKE A COWARD
RUNTIME: 15 min

[1] 00:00  Well, now we know why this lunatic may have done it. And we also have in some exclusive interviews from the absolute hero that shared exactly how this coward reacted when he faced a little bit of his own medicine. I don't know why these people do what they do. I wish it would stop, but this information is important and we're going to go over it right now. And also really truly shout out to the guy that engaged him who probably saved dozens of lives. Let's get into it. This

[2] 00:30  video is sponsored by Coffee Brand Coffee by CBC.com. We'll take you directly to my store. Real quick, we've got everything you could ever want. All I'm asking is to give us a try today. K Cups, whole bean ground, everything available at Walmart hopefully by the end of the month. Check us out. In-N-Out Burger loser Chad Williams was actually impeached while at college as former classmates reveal actually what sent him off the rails. The lunatic who took three people from us was impeached as a student senator during college. The

[3] 01:01  Chicago I'm sorry, the College of Southern Idaho. By the way, leave a like if on the video if this guy's burning in a lake of fire. You know, it turns up the temperature just one degree for every like. [snorts] Um the College of Southern Idaho student had been pursuing a degree in nursing with a goal of entering a career in healthcare. Ironic. And served as a student senator. But in 2023, he was impeached for the lack of engagement and eventually dropped out of school with ne without without ever earning his degree after wasting two years. Elijah Mosley, a former classmate and a fellow student

[4] 01:32  governor government participant recalled his shock as the introverted introverted nursing students downward spiral. He didn't need a lot of attention, Mosley said. According to his former classmate, Williams introverted nature was kind of how he liked it. But Mosley told the outlet he remembers Williams who lived across the hall from him to be an encouraging friend who smiled a lot. How many SSRIs was he on? You know, was it an evil smile? Was it a plotting smile? A demonic smile? I don't know. In

[5] 02:04  February 2023, Williams was impeached while serving as a student senator. He just wasn't involved anymore. Mosley recalled. He wasn't as interested, wasn't attending as much. Mosley said the scholarship associated with the role required holding office hours, attending meetings, and helping plan events. Over the last year, the pair lost touch, and Mosley said he was heartbroken to hear about the wrong and evil that he did. He told the outlet he wasn't sure what uh what may have occurred to in Williams life to lead to the tragedy on Saturday.

[6] 02:34  All I know is what he was to me back in the day. Williams appeared to engage in more right-wing posts on X- expressing concerns over crime and restriction of weapons rights and immigration enforcement. They all reported now this guy was not mega but he may have been at one point. Remember as I talked about yesterday there was pretty clear twist like he used to follow Elon Musk then he unfollowed him and then he targeted Teslas. Sounds to me like this guy was probably

[7] 03:06  if if close if anything kind of a more of one of the new modern-day dissident right people. Um you know I don't want to name any creators names. You know who I'm talking about. And again this guy did what he did because of the decisions he made not because he maybe watched a certain YouTuber or something like that. But, you know, it's it's important to point out that he was clearly radicalized in my opinion by kind of this anti- the Trump administration, anti- Elon rhetoric. Now, that's just my

[8] 03:38  guess. I didn't have a dream about it. I didn't astrally project it like Candace Owens, but just based on scrolling over his social media history, that's what it looks like. You know, he he became a Thomas Massie guy. Nothing wrong with Thomas Massie, but Massie, you know, near the end of his role there, really turned on Trump and uh and the administration and and you know, people like Marjorie Taylor Green, Thomas Massie, um that one other guy that traded his career for 15 minutes of fame to be a whistleblower um and did the

[9] 04:09  podcast circuit and then disappeared. All these politicians who came out against Trump basically have done nothing but go downward. Of course, Massie pretty famously lost his election. Now, he was losing a good bit of favor with voters, I think, for turning on Trump in a Trump heavy state, but there was also a significant amount of money that poured in to run against him, and I think both of those things were too hard for him to overcome, even though he's done some good things. The Twin Falls Police Department said the investigators are quote confident

[10] 04:40  that Williams acted alone, although the motive still remains somewhat unclear. Um, now here's the thing. I don't think it's unclear at all. Seven others were left injured. Two of them taken to the hospital, later released. Three people were in stable condition and remaining and the remaining two have been left in critical condition. So, we still may lose more people. Williams then took the coward's way out. Um, two of the three people who weren't didn't make it uh were identified by loved ones

[11] 05:10  as In-N-Out employee Ashley Garbe and Stockton, California Christopher Cla, 59, an employee at Renaissance Ranch Recovery Center. Now, I also think it's worth pointing out that uh, you know, In-N-Out's kind of a Christiany business. Now, I don't know if we're ever going to get the manifesto, but I do know there is one. I don't know. No, but I know, of course, there's

[12] 05:41  one. There's always one. Something like this that's planned out that was clearly targeted. Um, he went after kind of a Christian business. He targeted Teslas. I don't think that these are random things. I don't think I'm going full-blown tinfoil hat to say that he was sending a message by targeting both In-N-Out and Teslas. Now, maybe it was just that's what happened to be there. That's possible. Cla's sister, Kimberly Castanada, told

[13] 06:12  the New York Times that her brother had been sober for 2 years after struggling with alcohol alcoholism. She reminisced about spending time with him during the 4th of July and how she enjoyed his carefree attitude. My silly brother took his headband, took my headband that I was wearing with little tin wheels on it and he sat with those things on like it was just no big deal. He was always being a goofball. Ash was beautiful. And now an offduty state trooper and a civilian. We're going to talk about the civilian more here. Identified as 35year-old Jordan Selenus opened uh

[14] 06:45  returned fire at the lunatic, helping prevent further tragedy. the police chief at Leave a like on the video for these heroes and if there ends up being like a fundraiser for them, I will donate. They 100% without a doubt both these men saved lives. I think it's pretty clear that this guy's life started spiraling out of control after dropping out of college. It's probably not that different. You know, he had tweets about how he couldn't get a job working for ICE or he was complaining about the requirements

[15] 07:16  to work for ICE. He he he ser and obviously dropping out of college, getting impeached, it clearly set him down a path of, you know, whatever took place on Saturday. Now, Selenus was seen now viral footage aiming at Williams. He said the trooper both jump him and the trooper both jumped in action and ultimately saved lives of others. We want to take a moment and commend the actions of the offduty officer and the citizen and their heroic action to stop this incident. He continued, "We believe their actions helped drive the suspect

[16] 07:47  away from the scene." And now in this interview, we'll see. We know it did preventing further casualties. I could tell he was trying to figure out where to go and somebody in the drive-thru line who is armed started firing on him. Cohen recalled. He said the the coward panicked and started acting erratically, but the armed civilian distracted him from causing more carnage. Good guy with a weapon stops bad guy with a weapon. Now, maybe it wasn't his his bullet, but it was those returning fire that made him

[17] 08:19  decide to give up. The lunatic was solely focused on him and it allowed us to get out. I mean, the car directly ahead of me was getting hit and it gave them time to leave. In a statement on Sunday, In-N-Out President Lesnie Snider shared that a beautiful restaurant restaurant employee passed away. Police found the loser uh in the area near the restaurant. Williams's family is cooperating. Now, we've got this interview and then another article, but I do I I want to say like

[18] 08:49  this isn't the first time it's happened, but this is literally the best possible example of, you know, being prepared, training, and and taking heroic action when heroic actions are required. And not many of us um have the stones to do that. I I don't even think I could, you know, and I mean, hopefully I could, but this guy was so confident that uh it's just incredible. Jordan Selena speaks out after confronting the Idaho Ino

[19] 09:20  In-N-Out loser. As soon as some rounds started coming at him, everything changed immediately. All that bravado he had immediately crumbled. on the uh right hand side of that sign closest to the road and that's where I saw the the individual with his rifle uh pointed at the vehicles. >> Authorities believe those heroic actions drove the shooter from the scene and likely saved lives. >> He seemed unusually comfortable aiming that rifle at those cars and then as

[20] 09:52  soon as some rounds started coming at him, everything changed. If there is a better argument for not only arming yourself, but this guy also trained. I mean, not a lot of a lot of guys carry a pistol with a suppressor on it. Okay? He trained. He had become comfortable with his weapons and he acted as a hero would act. And there is no better example that I

[21] 10:22  can possibly think of that would you know help support people in be you know you should carry you should practice you know practice once a month be ready take some training courses if if you really want to go above and beyond because it's this guy's training that saved lives >> immediately all that you know all that bravado he had immediately ely crumbled. >> This In-N-Out had opened just a week prior,

[22] 10:56  >> you know, and they say, "How does he have a full beard days after the photo?" Um, because it's AI generated. Yeah, this is AI generated image there. Um, incredible. Absolutely incredible guy. Now, of course, be like something feels very off about the situation on this guy. It seems so convenient that it happened, which was tragic. But this guy's out there doing interviews and openly talking about it in such a manner. Dude,

[23] 11:29  not everything is a conspiracy. Thank you, Candace Owens, for poisoning the mind of the entire Xplatform. [snorts] Something seems off about this. What are you going to say? He had an exploding lavalier mic. Now, I mean, th this guy saved lives and the comments are full of absolute dipishes, you know? I just I I don't

[24] 12:00  It is so crazy to me that this is X now. It is a totally useless platform other than maybe grabbing a headline or two. It it is it is absolutely populated by the dumbest people on earth. Now, not my viewers who happen to use X, but you know what I'm saying. It is absolutely just a a mess. Here's a little bit longer. >> Say two men an offduty state >> on the right hand side of that sign close start coming at him. Everything crumbled. >> This in-n-out ring for customers.

[25] 12:32  >> Okay, so that's all that really he did. He only did a 30 second spot on the news. Why wouldn't he? He's a hero. I'm sure he's been getting media requests from just about everybody on the planet. And you see people like who are trying to diminish. I've seen people saying, "Well, he took his own implying that Jordan Selenas did not positively impact the situation or stop the lunatic in Twin Cities." The fact is that Mr. Selena's presence and being armed hastened the individual to lose his life. It's a lot harder to take down

[26] 13:02  innocent people when someone else is taking firing back at you. a good an armed good guy showed up and saved lives. Be like Jordan. You have a duty to your neighbors, to your community, to your family. No one is coming to save you. And that is the harsh truth. That's the hard tr harsh truth, you know, and and this guy's just a healthcare worker and a full-time caregiver for his brother. So he's like a an amazing human being, [snorts]

[27] 13:34  you know, and and this guy should be absolutely positively praised. He said that he had trained for the moment after witnessing the 2021 incident at Boise Town Square Mall in which two people didn't make it and several others were hurt. Both Selenus and an offduty officer confronted Williams during the rampage. And also huge credit to him, the offduty officer. He's the he saved lives. Now two people were lost, of course, but he saved lives.

[28] 14:06  You know, people saying, well, framing it as a second amendment issue is misplaced. The issue is instead the split-second decision-making of a man to put himself in harm's way, knowingly and willingly risking serious injury or death to come to the aid of others in mortal peril. He had no obligation or duty to do so. Just remember the police don't have a duty either. You know, remember that too. They they don't have any duty to put their lives at risk. But this guy, just a regular Joe.

[29] 14:36  So, regular old Joe saved lives. Absolute hero. He deserves all the praise he gets. I hope people raise him hundreds of thousands of dollars. It's be better investment than these idiot uh you know race grifters. He takes care of his brother so I bet you he needs money because you know being a full care full-time caregiver is not a cheap thing to do. So absolute hero. Thank God that he was there.