VIDEO: MATT WALSH BURRITOGATE
RUNTIME: 14 min

[1] 00:00  Now this story is wild, but there's actually a grain of truth to it and it's worth discussing. The great burritogate, I don't know if you've seen this going on, while fantastical and meme-worthy, is actually a very fair conversation to have. Now you think the left would say, "Hey, we agree on this." No, they get upset about fat-shaming. They get upset about fat-shaming. And Matt Walsh is taking a lot of heat right now for speaking a truth that I agree with.

[2] 00:32  And Matt, like I said, I disagree with his, you know, critique on Caitlin Clark or I disagree with his takes on pop culture because they're god awful. But that's like 1% of his takes. And he's getting a lot of heat right now and I think unfairly. It's nuts. The cost of everything is out of control. By the way, Coffee Brand Coffee has not raised our price due to tariffs or any economic reasons. Buycbc.com. We're currently refreshing our Amazon store with new photos and new pictures

[3] 01:04  and things like that. It's going to look a lot better. We're updating our website right now. Fulfillment has never been smoother. Buycbc.com. We'll take you directly to our Amazon store. Try out some of our coffee. I would greatly appreciate it. And look, if you don't like it, I'll give you full money back. I'm in charge of everything. I literally am the guy responding to the customer service emails. You know, putting in orders, dialing in flavors, redesigning the packaging, me and my

[4] 01:34  team two-man team, really, here, are in charge of designing and all that kind of stuff. And so we're the smallest possible business you can be and we definitely could use your support. Top mega ally melts down over burritos after Vance fat-shamed him. Okay. I mean, are we still using that terminology in current year? Are we still talking about fat shaming? Because that seems odd.

[5] 02:09  Conservative columnist Mark Thiessen is desperately defending his stance on the online mega burrito debate after Vice President Vance fat shamed him. The bizarre burrito drama began when right-wing personality Matt Walsh said that the high cost of groceries were becoming a vulnerability for President Trump. I agree with this take. And a lot of really hardcore loyalists push back and say, "Well, you know, well, well, well." And maybe their arguments are technically true. Hey, you can go to Wal- Walmart and buy the stuff to make a

[6] 02:39  burrito and it's not that expensive or here's a spot where you can get a cheap burrito. But perception is reality. And the perception is stuff is still too expensive. So, either you fix the cost or you fix the perception, but the only person that can do that is the Trump administration. I think it's a fair criticism. Midterms are looming. People are still paying a lot of money for gasoline. The price of gas is making everything that involves gas and oil cost more. Logistics. Everything. In response, Turning Point USA's Andrew

[7] 03:11  Kolvet offered anecdotal evidence about college students feeling economic strain through burrito prices. Thiessen then inserted himself into the debate writing that college students shouldn't even be spending their money to go out for a casual meal. He wrote, "Cry me a river. The burritos in the college cafeteria are included in your meal plan." Well, you know, this guy didn't go to college or he doesn't know how meal plans work. I went to 6 years of college. I have a master's degree. I never had a meal plan because you had to pay for the meal plan.

[8] 03:42  The meal plan plan The only way you have a meal plan is if your parents, a scholarship, or you pay for it. I didn't have a meal plan because I wasn't on campus during every meal, why would I pay to have it? And by the way, the prices at the college me meal plan was more expensive than going to Subway at the time. I could go to Subway right next door and get a footlong meatball sub for $5 and a 6-in meatball sub with like two meatballs at the college cafeteria was nine. Eight or nine.

[9] 04:14  You know, like so this meal plan thing is coming from a place of privilege, to be honest with you. I didn't have a meal plan because I couldn't afford it. My wife and I ate TV dinners for 6 years. Jack's pizza that we would add a little extra cheese to the top cuz they always cheaped out on the cheese. And Michelina's TV dinners. That's what we ate almost every night. That's what most college kids do. I don't know who these college kids are out there buying $20 burritos. The comment then pulled in Vice President of the burrito drama as he

[10] 04:45  made a dig about Theisen's eating habits. "I'm surprised to hear Mark say this. If you ever met him in person, it's quite obvious the man has never missed a burrito." Vance posted while misspelling Theisen's first name. Good. Good burn. Classic Vance. While Theisen is yet to address Vance's roast cuz he got roasted, he has doubled down on his burrito position online firing off several angry posts lashing out at critics of his original burrito commentary. To his original point, someone pointed out that on-campus meal plans are

[11] 05:15  expensive. See, I just told you. And typically cost thousands of dollars a semester, which is true. On that notion, Theisen stuck with his original comment that college students should not enjoy casual food options. "I'm sure they are, but so is everyone's expectations." He said, "You don't need Chipotle and Starbucks in college." I mean, what a dumb position. I don't know who this Mark Theisen guy is. If he's supposedly conservative, that's a dumb take. That's a dumb entitled take. A few minutes later, he doubled down on that post replying to himself, "I have

[12] 05:46  three kids in college and the food in the cafeteria is so much better now than the slop the food ladies made pay me. Yeah, well, did you pay for their meal plan? Cuz I bet you did. Most college kids don't have that. I didn't. My wife didn't. Jack Posobiec pointed out that Theisen, a son of two Manhattan doctors, attended the Taft School in Waterbury, Connecticut, which costs $82,000 a year. He said, "The school wasn't serving quote slop." And a ticked off Theisen responded to Posobiec by him, "You're writing so you're such a moron."

[13] 06:19  So, he went to uh he spent he got a $400,000 4-year education. I'm sure the food was great. I'm sure they weren't getting sloppy joes and warmed-over pizza in plastic baggies. Theisen also asserted that burritos quote only cost $20 when you buy it on DoorDash because you're too lazy to walk to Chipotle where you can get it for $3.99. I guarantee you a burrito at Chipotle is not $3.99. He also fired several posts guarantee showing burrito prices at Taco Bell even

[14] 06:50  though he had minutes before said, "Students should not eat out." At one point, Sean Davis, editor-in-chief of the far-right outlet Federalist, pointed out that Trump's war in Iran has caused gas prices to skyrocket and has had a harmful impact on the cost of food. Well, that's true. Like it or not, war has made gas and oil expensive. And if you are like being too hardcore of a supporter and you don't acknowledge that, then you will be surp- you will be surprised what happens at the voting polls in in the

[15] 07:21  midterms. Those of us who have our eyes open and admit that we do have a cost of living crisis, we do and we have had it ever since the lockdowns. Okay? We've never really got out in front of it. Yes, eggs have come down. Milk has come down. This is true. We are making headway there. But, if you refuse to acknowledge that stuff is too expensive, then you're going to be shocked in November

[16] 07:52  if it's not fixed. Right? So, Matt Walsh on the defensive, and again, I agree with him. He said, "Since I made the subject uh since we're on the subject, I made burritos, actually enchiladas, but basically the same thing for my family of eight on Monday. I did not buy expensive or organic ingredients or whatever because I don't care about eating organic. It was definitely more than $20 unless you're cutting out protein completely. I don't see how you make a real meal for a large family or even a small family on $20 in this economy." Well, you could.

[17] 08:23  You could make you could get you could do a you could do six burgers and buns for under $20. So, I don't agree, you know, I think you could absolutely make dinner for your family every night and a good dinner for $20. >> [snorts] >> You could make meatloaf, you could make pot roast, you could make uh stew, you could make I mean, you could cook two frozen pizzas for under $20. That would feed a family of eight. There are there are a million options to feed a family for under $20. So, I disagree with that take from Matt. But,

[18] 08:55  I don't disagree that we do have to address the cost of living. We have to address the high prices because if you're being too too loyal to the administration and you're looking for too many exceptions to the rule, you're going to miss the forest from the trees. You're going to miss that real people are financially stressed and are worried about the cost of living. It's real. The cost of living is too damn high.

[19] 09:29  Here you have Joel Berry. "Last night my wife made homemade burritos for a family of eight and it cost us under $20 for everyone. Did Did that?" It was definitely more than $20 unless you're cutting up port and completely. I don't see how you make a real meal for a large family on $20 in this economy. Oh. Well, but then he did quote this. Now, the initial tweet did say Oh, that's why he posted it. Frank Fleming said the initial tweet stated that it was about a single burrito

[20] 09:59  costing $20, not feeding a family. But then he reminded Joel that he said he fed his family for $20. So, he Again, he's just so too blinded here. I'm happy that Trump won the election. And I'm happy about some of the things he's doing and I'm unhappy about some of the things he's not doing. Or I'm unhappy about some of the things he is doing. I don't love this war with Iran. I don't love that he's more worried about the optics of ice than deportation numbers. But what comes with age and having an

[21] 10:29  open mind is understanding the fact that your guy is never going to be perfect. You know, Barack drone Obama probably had one of the highest approval ratings in in my lifetime. This guy dropped more drones than drone bombs than any president history. Do you think his anti-war liberal voters were happy with that? No. Of course not. Hope wasn't about dropping bombs. I'm sure they were upset about that.

[22] 11:00  Every president, no matter how much they're beloved, is going to do stupid stuff. I remember Trump's first presidency. The biggest reason I voted for him was his no new foreign wars thing. And what was it about three days before before he fired a bunch of missiles into Syria? Wasn't it Syria? >> [snorts] >> So, I mean if you live your life, and I talked about this in an earlier video, if you if you live your life all or nothing, then you will live a life of nothing. And that is in terms of happiness,

[23] 11:31  financial success, family, love, relationships. All of that. And with this the cost of things in the economy, it's real. I patched McCain said, "Just hearing about this dumb $20 burrito debate, so I thought I'd make the losers on social media angry before I go to bed. Stop whining and get a job. Eat ramen like the rest of us did in college on a budget with four roommates." Again, this is why you lose.

[24] 12:02  This is why you live lose. Poor people vote, too. Working class people vote, too. And they don't want to hear from millionaires about how they should suck it up and eat noodles in a cup. That that's not that's not the answer. And the more dis- engaged, the more delusional these people get about the cost of living, the worse the election's going to be. Andrew Colvets wrote, "Was one of our TPUSA college students gave me his take

[25] 12:32  on affordability. A burrito shouldn't cost $20. Yeah, a lot of this is hangover from the coup from Biden era inflation, but the lived experience is just the same. It feels like basic things cost too much, and it does." It's not about the burrito. The burrito isn't real. It's about the very real sentiment that things are getting too expensive, and if we don't get this under control, then that's going to be the single most important issue

[26] 13:03  during the midterms. The Democrats are going to run on affordability, and the people who voted for Trump for mostly, "Hey, he's an economy guy," are going to see that the economy's not great, and the midterms aren't going to go well. So, I agree with Matt, and um and people got to take their head out of the sand. Let me know what you think in the comments. >> Mhm.