VIDEO: THE HORRIFYING TRUTH
RUNTIME: 16 min

[1] 00:00  I'm sure by now most of you have seen or heard willingly or unwillingly what happened last night with a celebrity gossip blogger. But there's new information, new updates, plus some information I have from inside sources, family members close to the scene that may shed a little bit more light on what is going on, what happened last night. Now, I got a lot of flack because I thought what I saw was as close to what anyone could call a demonic possession

[2] 00:32  as as as I've ever seen outside of a Hollywood movie. Now, maybe people aren't super religious and they think, "Well, that's whatever." Okay. Well, there's also the new information that came out that he had recently suffered from, I believe, sepsis, and that can actually cause psychotic breaks. I didn't know that. So, that was probably one of the two things or or it's drugs or or something else. But I need to scan this article to make sure there's no uh terrible images

[3] 01:03  in there because I'm simply not going to show it. Okay, there we go. It's clean. Let's get to this article, which provides additional information. Celebrity blogger Perez Hilton was rushed to Miami Hospital. So, first and foremost, he survived thankfully. Now, if you saw the video, a lot of the cuts were superficial. I mean, they were leaking a lot, but then he was also using what appeared to be like a bread knife. Um, it was very clearly a cry for help, but I'm not sure that standing

[4] 01:33  there in your birthday suit streaming live to TikTok with thousands of kids watching you, um, with your dong out. Uh, I'm not sure that that is, you know, explainable. You know, Miami Hospital last night he was arrived. Officers received multiple calls from concerned fans who said he was broadcasting alarming behavior on TikTok Live. Deputies did respond to

[5] 02:05  Hilton's home after multiple emergency homes regarding an individual engaging in terrible acts. The Miami Dade County Sheriff's Office told the Daily Mail. Clips taken from the video, which Daily Mail has decided not to republish, appeared to show Hilton covered in his own blood. Uh, and it did. He was completely covered. It was all over the walls. It was, it was horrendous. [snorts] Quote, "In many incidents involving a person experiencing a mental health crisis or actively harming themselves, deputies prioritize deescalation." Now, what I find interesting

[6] 02:35  is Pres Hilton experiencing a mental health crisis and for whatever reason he didn't take of a the life of a random white girl sitting next to him on a train. You know, I think that's maybe difference in cultures. [snorts] Unless there's an immediate threat to others, slowing the situation utilizing crisis intervention techniques reduce the likelihood. We know that. Hours later, authorities announced that Hilton had been safely recovered and transported by Miami Dade Fire Rescue to a local hospital where he's receiving medical attention. Now, I was informed

[7] 03:06  that his family rushed to the scene and the police let his family make entry to the house to try and talk him down, which is great. Obviously, that could have gone totally sideways. I don't know what I would do if you know I had a family member that was in that situation. I mean, would you want to be armed? I I I don't know. I feel like at least a taser,

[8] 03:36  you know, cuz you don't know if they're going to if they're going to go after you. Like the the state that he was in, I don't think he would have recognized a mother or a father or a son or a daughter. Now, a lot of people [snorts] uh were really concerned about his kids. His kids were were not there. They have now been confirmed safe. Meanwhile, Miami Dade Sheriff's Office crisis response unit and licensed mental health professionals remain on the scene providing support and resources to the family. Um, you see this here's a neighbor speaking out.

[9] 04:06  >> What I noticed was the unusual police activity. >> Okay, don't really care. Hilton is a father in air quotes to three children he purchased via surrogacy surrogacy. Now you all know where my opinion lies on that. I think surrogacy is a is a questionable practice and when people use it like celebrities to simply exchange money for human life I think that's pretty close to trafficking. But that's not for this. You know what's

[10] 04:38  interesting is he had recently been opening his heart to Christ. And some people are laughing about that or whatever. But [snorts] if you are a believer, you know that that is the time when maybe the demons or devil attacks the most. You know, when I started my journey, and it's only been basically a year now, that's basically when all of these crazy attacks on me started. Now, is it a coincidence? It might be, you know, I'm not like a lifelong believer.

[11] 05:09  I'm not like totally full-on Kool-Aid drinker, but as somebody who basically coasted through 42 years of their life without any major controversies or drama, starts going to church and then immediately all hell breaks loose and people are trying to destroy my business and and swatting me and and trying to destroy my, you know, my family, you know, I don't think it's that big of a leap to think maybe there were some other forces behind that. I don't know. You [snorts] know, people have free will, too. So, people do what they do.

[12] 05:39  And and this is entirely possible that he had a psychotic break as a side effect from the sepsis that he had very recently been treated, excuse me, treated for. Hilton's representative, Golden Artist Entertainment, and Rebecca said, "We are aware of the concerning content circulating online involving our client, Pres Hilton. At this time, we have not been able to make any direct contact with him despite our ongoing efforts to reach him. Our primary concern is for his health and wellbeing. Well, of course. [snorts]

[13] 06:10  Now, obviously, now that he's survived, we can talk about some of the other byproducts of this, some of the other side effects of this. He's been banned from Tik Tok and rightfully so. [snorts] Obviously, what he was doing on a live stream deserves a ban. I add to the top add to the top of that he was completely in his birthday suit full frontal being shown on camera. You know that should obviously is is a banable offense. Um you know his career

[14] 06:42  is probably over now but I think ultimately it's more important that he is safe and okay. Now [snorts] a lot of people are pointing out his orientation as a reason for not caring and I understand that. But I still have hope that maybe him turning his life to Christ means he will find a path and he will change the way he lives. You know, nobody's above redemption. Uh, you know, he put this out. He put this tweet out.

[15] 07:14  I feel like I should be scared right now, but I'm not. I definitely am worried though. God, show me the way. For Hilton is going through it right now. He asked for your prayers and for Christ to intervene sooner than later working on patience. This was a vague post that he posted back in April. [snorts] So, you know, I think that, you know, you guys know me. I'm not like a super religious guy. I'm not, you know, quoting Bible scripture. But if you saw the video la, if you saw the

[16] 07:45  video, and I know a lot of you did, a lot of you, you know, regretted looking at it, can you think of a more of a better example of what demonic possession might look like? I happen to think that we are at war right now. I think that there a lot of the things going on, [snorts] a lot of the things going on um to me feel biblical. In the meantime, celebrity fans uh have taken to social media. Pres Hilton video

[17] 08:15  is upsetting. Ro Trisha Pis, I hope he's okay. Crashing out on the internet, whether it's fake for or real, is a cry for help. Now, this is Zoomer language. Gen Z crashing out. [snorts] I don't think literally like trying to cut your own heart out is a crash out. Screaming and and complaining and or screaming and attacking people and whatever that that might be a crash out. But what this guy experienced again I believe is demonic possession or if you don't believe in all that then

[18] 08:46  pretty clearly some form of psychotic break as a as a side effect from his sepsis that he had just a few years ago. Now what a lot of people don't know is he's also on blood thinners which made the damage even worse. I when I saw it at the time I didn't think he'd even survive the cuts. As someone who knows personally I find myself at a loss for words. She wrote, "I know the move to Miami hasn't been an easy one, but never could I have ever imagined something as dark and deeply disturbing as this. He's clearly in distress and someone who is also in the

[19] 09:17  media. I'm not rushing to discuss things I don't have all the facts on." She continued, "I'm waiting to hear more from trusted sources." In the meantime, she said, "I love pours out." Now, again, in the meantime, Roso said her love pours out, blah blah blah. Others hit Tik Tok allowing hit Tik Tok for allowing the disturbing video to continue on for 30 minutes. He was doing this for 30 minutes. Now, I've only seen [snorts] like you like most people the two or three minute clips that were circulating on X. If this is going on

[20] 09:48  for 30 minutes, certainly why on earth was did Tik Tok not take it down? I mean, this is the equivalent of somebody live streaming, you know, going into a school and doing something crazy. Genuinely think Tik Tok should be held liable in some way for allowing him his feed to last 30 minutes. Absolutely insane. Another noted that uh it allowed for many people including children to come across a live where you know this kind of stuff was happen. Yeah. Now, in March, Hilton revealed that he

[21] 10:20  had emerged from a 21-day hospital stint as he battled sepsis. as a result, he said, of taking flu medication on an empty stomach that triggered a cascade of health problems. Now, to me, that seems odd. [snorts] So, he got sepsis from taking Nyquil on an empty stomach. that doesn't add up. But I'm not a doctor and I'm not the science like you know Anthony Fouchy. So perhaps it's possible you know but he he says of like you know

[22] 10:50  talking about you know it was God presenting himself to me and doing something that I could only describe as a miracle to heal me. I was still unwell and then God did something he said. So I I mean I think obviously having a near-death experience is a common path that people take to finding God, but you know ultimately you know Perez Hilton has done a lot of damage in his life with his reporting and things like that and there are a lot of people that were unsympathetic.

[23] 11:23  I find for me, you know, having been, you know, going to church every week, I find it much easier for me to have sympathy for people, even people who I disagree with or or uh, you know, have said vile things about me or or, you know, because at the end of the day, I I feel like people, you know, they're all going through different stuff. Now, this has a sad truth behind it. Well, here's the issuation. This the what led up to it. >> [snorts] >> He suffered multiple personal crisises in the weeks before he was rushed to the

[24] 11:54  hospital. Um before his hospitalization, Pres was short of money and struggling to find new work projects. The Daily Mail understands the 48-year-old man made his name as a celebrity gossip blogger in the early 2000s before going mainstream reality star. Never seen him on any TV shows. But many multiple recent reality show pitches to television production companies have failed to make it past the pilots's age. There appeared to be one recent glimmer of professional promise for Hilton, though the star having said to recently sign a deal with the TV production

[25] 12:25  company to host a show about cyber bullying. You know, something that he to basically took part in on his blog for many, many years now. I don't know if he's repented for that. I hope he has. A source told the Daily Mail that the company had not paid Hilton anything and that boss were still working on a possible role for him. Hilton's single status is also said to have upset him among his continued struggle to find a boyfriend. Now, I would hope that he might consider finding a girlfriend. you know, if he's

[26] 12:55  found Christ, you know, I'm I'm hoping that that but, you know, I think all of these other things kind of add up to the guy's life was falling apart, broke, out of work, no love life, three kids that he bought. You know, I don't know where the kids even were. I I assume maybe with his mother or family. He's also been suffering with body body dysmorphia. um and the sepsis and you know all this

[27] 13:27  kind of stuff. So, you know, I think that at some point there's kind of only so much one person can take and I've never seen it this bad before. I've never I mean obviously I guess I have because I've had friends you know take the coward's way out and seen it and and you know I remember one day I went to work and a and a buddy of mine who worked at the shop next next door to us got there 8:00 in the morning and he was hanging from the tree outside the back.

[28] 14:00  I mean it's uh I never knew it. I never knew he was upset. never said anything about it, you know, and I will never forget that scene. Um, there's another friend of mine did the same thing in his basement when I was in fifth grade and he was only in seventh grade, sixth or seventh grade and he did that. People, you know, you never really know what people are going through. And like I said in yesterday's video when I covered this, if you don't have anyone to talk

[29] 14:30  to, you can email me. I'm not a licensed doctor. I'm not a licensed psychologist or therapist, but if you feel like there's nobody and you need to just write a a vent email or something like that, you need some, you can always email me. You can just the quartering@gmail.com. I can't promise you I can offer you any solutions, but I can promise you that I can at least offer you an ear. Sometimes just venting can uh can help a lot of people. And I know a lot of people out there are going through a lot of stuff. And you know, when it's quote unquote celebrities, people have kind of a

[30] 15:01  different reaction to it. But this is uh this is rough. Uh so I hope he continues his journey to find Christ. I hope that, you know, he he comes out of this, he's okay. Uh because there's still time for redemption for him. And I hope he seeks it. And because if he seeks it, he will find it.