VIDEO: THEY GOT CAUGHT
RUNTIME: 14 min

[1] 00:00  Well, this Cyclospora or Cyclosporiasis issue continues to rapidly devolve >> [snorts] >> into a massive cover-up. It's now been revealed that Taco Bell knew about the disease in their food and they knew about it weeks before issuing a recall. Taco Bell's going to get sued into oblivion.

[2] 00:30  It's going to be sad when we can't get that 2:00 a.m. quesadilla that's made like absolute garbage because there's some guy who lives in the hood working at your local suburban Taco Bell that hates his life, hates his job, and hates you for making him have to do it. But there needs to be a more national look into what exactly is going on here. First of all the number of cases continue to rise like nearly a month after the recall. Now, it does take a little while for

[3] 01:01  symptoms to show up but the number of cases that they know of which are diagnosed officially probably pales in comparison to the total number of cases. The total number of cases of Cyclosporiasis in my opinion are well over 100,000. If we know that there's 20, 30,000 people confirmed, again, I've talked about this before the only way you become a confirmed case of Cyclosporiasis

[4] 01:32  is by paying for a special blood test. So, if you're, you know having the hot snakes and um you know, you're sliding into the third and you feel a slimy turd maybe you don't go to the doctor. Get it like you get sick for a couple weeks maybe you still don't go. I wouldn't go. I'd be like, "Oh, I'm just taking some Imodium and see what's going on here." And you You know what I mean? So, if we know there's 20 plus thousand people who went to the hospital, had the

[5] 02:04  specialized blood test, and were diagnosed with it, I think it's easily safe to say there's at least a five or a 10x multiplier on that. Now, that's just my opinion. Let me know in the comments if you agree, but I would guess that we're dealing in the hundreds of thousands. And now it's been revealed that Taco Bell in fact met with the state of Michigan on Cyclospora parasite weeks before the recall. Two people with serious underlying medical conditions have now died in the outbreak's epicenter state.

[6] 02:34  I told you people I told you people were going to die from this. Michigan health authorities were in touch with Irvine-based Taco Bell's parent company, Yum Brands, about a parasitic outbreak in early July, weeks before the company officially alerted customers. Let me zoom in a little bit. I've read people's comments that you want me to zoom in a little bit more on these articles, so I'll try to remember to do that, especially when I'm just, you know, reading a a full-blown article, right?

[7] 03:05  The Michigan Department of Health and Human Services held [snorts] a call with the Yum on July 2nd to discuss Cyclospora, according to documents obtained by Bloomberg News through the public records request. In a follow-up email, officials asked to connect with the company's supply chain quality assurance and communications teams for a discussion about any intervention or notification that could be taken this week in aid to reducing the number of cases in the future. This is now something that we know did not happen for several more weeks after this.

[8] 03:36  Right? Now we know that there was at least another week or two before they said anything. How many tens of thousands of people were then infected after they knew there was a problem? At the time, Taco Bell had received a media inquiry about some Michigan locations, according to an email sent to the by a public health official. Quote, "Although it was reassuring to hear that you would not received complaints and your staff were not reporting illnesses, we have a strong signal from our epidemiolo- epidemiologic interviews that we need [snorts] to

[9] 04:07  continue to work with Taco Bell." Wrote Michigan state epidemiologist. It's unclear exactly how the outbreak came to light, but when the discussions began, Michigan advised businesses and commercial kitchens that handle raw produce to take extra precautions with lettuce, leafy greens, and other produce on July 4th. It is now August 4th tomorrow, or maybe you're seeing this on August 4th. It's been a month. And by the way, extra precaution with leafy greens is just washing a little bit more, and washing it is wildly

[10] 04:38  ineffective at getting rid of these It's very, very difficult to get rid of these these parasites without actually cooking it, which nobody's going to do. Cook lettuce before they put it on your taco. That's probably not going to happen. >> [snorts] >> On July 6th, Michigan's rapid response team reiterated an early request for documents related to the outbreak saying we needed it in a timely manner to preserve public health. Taco Bell became the public face of the outbreak after July 7th a news report showed signs purportedly affixed to some of its restaurants in Michigan

[11] 05:09  warning of an ingredient recall. At the time, no recall had even been announced by anybody. Not Taco Bell, not the CDC, not the Michigan health department. Out of an abundance of caution, we moved swiftly to voluntarily remove potentially impacted ingredients from select stores. But that's not what they did. To me, at least in my opinion, they sat on this news. They sat on the infection.

[12] 05:41  They sat on the disease that they were spreading to tens of thousands of Americans, hundreds of thousands, probably. The Mexican salad chain did not publicly confirm the move until July 14th, when it said it had removed limited ingredients at select restaurants as a simple precaution measure due to the outbreak. Taco Bell said at the time that the authorities had not confirmed a link to Taco Bell and ingredient or a supplier. The Michigan Health Department did not respond.

[13] 06:12  The Cyclospora outbreak has infected more than 6,700 people across 45 states. That number is much higher than that article I different you know, it was closer to 20,000 in the last article I read. Federal health authorities didn't publicly link Taco Bell until July 17th, 3 weeks later. When it advised customers to avoid shredded lettuce at locations across five states, the FDA tied the illness to iceberg lettuce supplied by produce giant Taylor Farms, which recalled products sent to 27

[14] 06:42  states. But then remember, Taylor Farms actually put out a tweet and said the FDA told them that it wasn't them. Taylor Farms publicly tweeted out after this recall said and said it's not us, the FDA erroneously blamed us. That's what they said. Visits to Taco Bell restaurants took a hit after the outbreak through though Yum executives last week said the sales decline have moderated materially thanks to promotions such as $1 burrito drenched in enchilada sauce and Mexican pizza for the same price.

[15] 07:14  Yum shares declined 4% in July. Stocks of other restaurants that serve lettuce, including Sweetgreen, Cava Group, and Chipotle have also declined, even though they haven't been linked to the outbreak. Oh, but they will be, I suspect. Federal infection numbers lag behind state health departments due to case reporting delays. Michigan, the epicenter of the Midwest cluster, is now tied to nine states reported more than 11,002 infections and two deaths on Monday. While cases increase during the warm

[16] 07:44  summer months, there are normally fewer than 100 people diagnosed in the United entire United States a year. Michigan's health department said the two people that died had underlying health conditions. Boy, where have we heard this before? Where have we heard this before? So, now two people have died. Oh, by the way, meanwhile, Publix has now expanded a berry recall because of growing E. coli concerns.

[17] 08:14  Can we just get our lettuce from America? Can Can we just get our lettuce from America? Is it that hard? >> [snorts] >> Is it that hard to just get our lettuce from America? President Trump and his administration should be working hard at uh figuring out why we have to buy all of our food from third-world countries who people who are picking it are taking dumps on it.

[18] 08:48  Maybe we should, you know, look at supporting If we're giving subsidies If we're buying rubbers for people in Uganda or whatever, we can subsidize the American farmers so we can actually, you know, grow our own lettuce. We had We brought up We had [snorts] a um hydroponic garden. We just brought it back up to So, we're going to start growing our own lettuce now. Now, I don't eat any lettuce, but my wife eats it every day. And she's basically terrified to go buy lettuce because it's always something.

[19] 09:19  Now, Publix is recalling whole blueberries and mixed berries because of E. coli. You see, Taco Bell was crushing it. Then Sickle Surprise said, "Well, the The thing is if they would have acted more quickly, tens of thousands of Americans would not have gotten sick. >> [snorts] >> This is going to be a disastrous lawsuit for this company. The brand has seen a meaningful near term sales impact. CEO of Taco Bell

[20] 09:50  said, "Our teams are acting quickly and transparently while keeping the safety and well-being of our consumers top priority." But were you? Were you doing that? Because it seems like to me you had some inkling weeks before you did anything. Unfortunately for Taco Bell, it's become the biggest names associated with the outbreak. Last Last month the CDC announced [snorts] that shredded lettuce

[21] 10:20  served at Taco Bell in five states was the source of more than 1,600 infections. In comparison, an E. coli break outbreak linked to McDonald's in 2024 infected 100 people. And in 2010, a salmonella outbreak also at Taco Bell sickened 155. On top of that, in the lawsuit to be named, another woman, Warren woman, now sues Taco Bell over alleged cyclospora illness linked to the lettuce. This is at least the third lawsuit that I know that has started, and I would suspect the ambulance chasers are all over this.

[22] 10:53  Kimberly [snorts] Harris filed a complaint on Friday, July 31st in U.S. District Court of Eastern Michigan, and she should win. She alleges she purchased food containing Taylor Farms lettuce from a Taco Bell location in Warren. According to the complaint, she developed severe stomach cramping, fatigue, the runs, dizziness, and more. She alleges testing later confirmed that she had cyclospora parasitic infection. Complaint states that Harris previously received a liver transplant in 2008 and claims the infection created additional health risks because she temporarily

[23] 11:23  stopped taking her transplant medication during antibiotic treatment. The lawsuit included a message from a nurse stating that her PCR test was positive for cyclospora and that her transplant team had been notified. They're going to lose this lawsuit. She's seeking $25 million. Now, part of this is the sue culture of America. You know, I don't want to like let people off the hook from that. >> [snorts] >> But, $25 million and

[24] 11:53  and she's going to win. Now, we're talking about potentially at least 11,000 confirmed cases. Every one of them will sue. Why wouldn't you? I mean, this is I mean, the fact that they covered it up or at least sat on their hands. I can't say for sure that they covered it up. But, to me it seems pretty clear that they sat on their hands as long as they could before they were basically forced to tell us about it.

[25] 12:23  >> [snorts] >> And I think with like talk about this is a pattern of behavior. And the bigger the bigger problem is the bigger question I have is again, I go back to can we just get our lettuce from America, please? Lettuce and these like basically it's always lettuce, lettuce or like kale or spinach. Can we stop buying food from third world countries where the people there are dumping on it? Like can we can we just stop? Even one person getting sick should be a

[26] 12:54  big deal. Now, we're just so used to these infection numbers that people like, "Oh, well, it's only a couple thousand." Okay, well, now two people are dead. Like there's very little coming back from that. And they deserve to be sued. And I want a full investigation into exactly when they knew and how long it took for them to say anything. Cuz I suspect there's going to be a gap there and every person who was infected during that gap should have the right to have this made right by them.

[27] 13:27  And the administration should really make it a lot easier for American farmers to grow this stuff. Just saying. This is only spiraling and getting more out of control.